GitHub - johnjago/awesome-ad-free: Curated list of ad-free alternatives to popular services on the web Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert johnjago / awesome-ad-free Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 22 Star 455 Curated list of ad-free alternatives to popular services on the web License CC0-1.0 license 455 stars 22 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights johnjago/awesome-ad-free masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History107 CommitsCONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Ad-Free A curated list of ad-free alternatives to popular services on the web. Am I saying you should refrain from using an ad blocker? No. But consider offsetting your act of disobedience with an act of affirmative support. Vote with your wallet. Put some money behind the writing you likewhether its a website or a magazine or a newspaper. But such-and-such website wont let me pay for it. Then discover something new. Matthew Butterick Contents Alternatives Blogs Communication File Sharing Mobile Apps Music Other Publications Reference Social Utilities Web Apps Resources Ad Blockers Articles Businesses Groups Make Money Without Ads Talks License Alternatives Alternatives to ad-supported websites, software, and publications. Blogs No Meat Athlete - Plant-based diets and fitness. The Borrowed Abode - DIY and interior design for renters. The Minimalists - Living a meaningful life with less. Zen Habits - Practical advice for developing positive habits. Communication FastMail - Reliable business email with no data lock-in. Jami - Telephone, teleconferencing, and media sharing through a distributed service. Jitsi Meet - Secure video conferencing and desktop sharing using WebRTC. ProtonMail - Free encrypted email. Signal - Private messaging and calling for desktop, Android, and iOS. Telegram - Cloud-based mobile and desktop messaging app with a focus on security and speed. Tox - Encrypted and distributed messaging platform with voice, video, and screen sharing. Wire - Text, audio, and video communication with end-to-end encryption. Write.as - Blogging platform that allows you to publish ideas without distraction. File Sharing Mega - 50 GB of secure free storage (in which 35 GB will expire after 30 days). Files are encrypted client-side. More (non-permanent) space can be claimed from achievements. qBittorrent - Free and open source BitTorrent client. Mobile Apps Amaze File Manager - Open source, Material Design file explorer for Android devices. Bible - Bible reader with many versions and languages to choose from. Simple Mobile Tools - Open source Android utilities: gallery, contacts, calendar, and more. Music Libre.fm - Stream, download, remix, and share music for free. mStream - Suite of software for syncing and streaming music across multiple devices. Other Disroot - Collection of ethical alternatives to email, cloud storage, collaborative document editing, and more. Publications Adbusters - Magazine about the takeover of psychological, physical, and cultural environments by commercial forces. Aeon - Digital magazine that publishes original thinking on science, philosophy, society, and the arts. Armstrong Economics - Educational blog about markets and the global economy. Common Dreams - Progressive news website. Consumerist - Independent source of consumer news and information. Ello - Media platform for creators and artists that does not sell user data. Popular Resistance - Independent, nonviolent, and diverse movements to end the power of concentrated wealth and put human needs before corporate greed. RealSport - Fans write articles on football, basketball, cricket, e-sports, motorsports, and most other sports out there. This site is committed to maintaining an experience free of pop-ups, fake news, click-bait, and ads. The Conversation - High quality, authenticated, explanatory journalism funded by universities. Reference OpenStreetMap - Map of the world created by users and released under an open license. Wikipedia - Encyclopedia that anyone can edit. Wiktionary - Dictionary that anyone can edit. Weather.gov - Weather reports for places in the United States. Social Are.na - Visual platform to help you think about and organize online content. diaspora* - Feeds, likes, profiles, and tags; you are in control of your data. GNUsocial.no - Allows users to connect and share with each other; expenses are covered by donations. Libranet - Popular site running friendica, a federated Facebook-style social network. Lobsters - Simple link aggregation site with explanations required to downvote. Manyverse - Off the grid social network. Mastodon - Decentralized microblogging platform similar to Twitter. PixelFed - Essentially Instagram without ads, trackers, or modified timelines. Utilities Etherpad - Collaborative document editing in real-time. ProtectedText - Online encrypted notepad with storage and no sign up. Web Apps Cloverleaf - An open source app to replace your password manager without storing your passwords anywhere. bundlejs - A quick and easy way to bundle, minify, and compress (gzip and brotli) your ts, js, jsx and npm projects all online, while returning the final bundle file size. Resources Ad Blockers Add-Art - Replaces ads with art. uBlock Origin - General-purpose blocker that removes ads and privacy-invading trackers by default. Note: Avoid Adblock Plus because corporations pay to have their ads whitelisted and uBlock (unrelated to the project above) because it solicits excessive donations and has what could be considered "ads" on its own site. Articles A Call for Revolt: Advertising is the Anti-Minimalism - Opt-out of the advertising game. Can We Have an Honest Conversation About Advertisements? Clean City Law: Secrets of So Paulo Uncovered by Outdoor Advertising Ban Conscious Success - Explores the idea of conscious success rather than accidental success, using ads as an example. Criticism of Advertising on Wikipedia - Overview of common criticisms of advertising. Human Ad Block: A Tutorial - Creative ways to block ads in public. Public Spaces - Artist imagines what it would be like if we could have a real life ad blocker. Saying Goodbye to $100K Per Year in Easy Income - Story of a blogger who chose a better way to make a living. Vote With Your Wallet, Not Your Ad Blocker - Paying for ad-free services casts a bigger vote. What If There Were No Ads - Daily life described in an ad-free world. Why no advertising? - Through the perspective of the perfect-world ideal. Businesses These business don't advertise yet are successful. Gandi - Domain registrar with a No Bullshit policy. Kakulas Legal - Law firm that you won't find in the yellow pages. Polyface Farms - Environmentally-friendly farm that relies on word of mouth to reach customers. Groups Anti-Advertising Agency - Calls into question the purpose and effects of advertising in public space. Brandalism - International street art collective that subverts advertising in urban space. Coalition to Ban Billboard Blight - Defending the urban landscape of Los Angeles from a proliferation of billboards. Digital Public Library Project - Promotes a Digital Public Library system that can replace advertising funded media. Rsistance  l'Agression Publicitaire - French organization fighting the advertising system and its negative effects. Make Money Without Ads Flattr - Browser add-on that distributes a monthly budget to websites you engage with the most. Liberapay - Open source recurring donations platform. OpenCollective - Enables groups to set up a collective, raise funds, and manage them transparently. Patreon - Recurring funding for artists and creators on either a monthly basis or per creation. Talks We're building a dystopia just to make people click on ads What if there was no advertising? No longer maintained No More Ads - Practical advice for an ad-free internet. (Wayback Machine archive) Voltra - DRM-free music listening and discovery software that supports artists directly. Art Not Ads - Artists creating change in the urban landscape, but not by going after the ads themselves. (Wayback Machine archive) Goblin Refuge - Video and image sharing service powered by MediaGoblin. (Wayback Machine archive) License CC0 1.0 About Curated list of ad-free alternatives to popular services on the web Topics services awesome ads websites awesome-list advertising ad-free alternatives Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 455 stars Watchers 8 watching Forks 22 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 11 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.