GitHub - adafruit/awesome-adafruitio: A curated list of awesome Adafruit IO guides, videos, libraries, frameworks, software and resources. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert adafruit / awesome-adafruitio Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 7 Star 71 A curated list of awesome Adafruit IO guides, videos, libraries, frameworks, software and resources. 71 stars 7 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights adafruit/awesome-adafruitio masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History18 CommitsCODE_OF_CONDUCT.mdCODE_OF_CONDUCT.md README.mdREADME.md awesome_io.pngawesome_io.png contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conduct Awesome Adafruit IO A curated list of awesome Adafruit IO guides, hardware, guides, videos, libraries, frameworks, and resources. Adafruit IO is the easiest way to connect your project to the internet. You can easily connect your project to Adafruit IO with your device-of-choice by using your programming language of choice (we have lots of libraries) and control or monitor over the internet. Data stored with Adafruit IO is yours to manage and control. You can download it all anytime and we will never sell or give it away to another company. It's great for getting started with the internet of things! Contents Guides Community Code Hardware Newsletter News Social Events Guides Welcome to Adafruit IO! - An overview of Adafruit IO and the service. Adafruit IO Basics - Learn the basics of Adafruit IO and interfacing the service with your hardware. learn.adafruit.com Adafruit IO - Adafruit Learning System Guides on Adafruit IO. All the Internet of Things: Adafruit IO - An episode of Adafruit and Digi-Key's All the Internet of Things, provides a deep dive into everything Adafruit IO has to offer. Community Adafruit IO Discord channel #help-with-adafruit-io - 24/7 chat and support for Adafruit IO. Adafruit IO Forums - The Adafruit support forum on Adafruit IO. Code Adafruit IO HTTP API Documentation - Adafruit IO HTTP API provides access to your Adafruit IO data from any programming language or environment which can speak HTTP. Adafruit IO MQTT API Documentation - Adafruit MQTT API provides access to your Adafruit IO data from any MQTT Client. Adafruit IO MQTT API Cookbook - Recipes related to the Adafruit IO API which have been found useful in the past. Adafruit IO Arduino Library - An Arduino client for Adafruit IO. Adafruit IO CircuitPython Library - A CircuitPython client for Adafruit IO. Adafruit IO Python Library - A Python client for Adafruit IO. Adafruit IO Ruby Library - A Ruby client for Adafruit IO. Adafruit IO Node.js Library - A Node.js Adafruit IO client, local server, and TLS Tunnel. Adafruit IO Go Library - A Go client for Adafruit IO. Hardware Adafruit IO is compatible with any hardware which can communicate over HTTP or MQTT. Adafruit-Produced Boards - Where to buy Adafruit IO compatible boards produced by Adafruit. Newsletter Adafruit IoT Newsletter - A monthly newsletter on the Internet-of-Things, a spam-free list. Archives of all newsletters - List of every newsletter published. News Adafruit IO on Hackaday - Hackaday posts related to Adafruit IO. Adafruit IO on Hackster.io - Hackster posts related to Adafruit IO. Social Adafruit IO Development Blog - Adafruit IO News and Release Notes, straight from the source. #AdafruitIO tagged on Twitter, latest - Twitter posts tagged Adafruit IO. Adafruit IO Twitter - Twitter account aggregator for Adafruit IO news and more. AdafruitIO videos on YouTube, latest - YouTube posts tagged AdafruitIO. #AdafruitIO tagged photos & videos on Instagram - Posts on Instagram tagged Adafruit IO. Adafruit IO on Google+ Makers, hackers, artists & engineers - Google Plus posts related to Adafruit IO. Adafruit IO community on Reddit - Dedicated home of Adafruit IO on reddit /r/adafruitio. Adafruit IO tagged on Reddit - Reddit posts relating to Adafruit IO. Adafruit IO on Instructables - How-tos, guides, and more, using Adafruit IO on Autodesk's Instructables. Events Weekly Adafruit Show-and-tell, Wednesday 7:30pm ET on Google+ Hangouts - The weekly Adafruit Show-and-tell program often has Adafruit IO-related projects on display. ASK AN ENGINEER, Wednesday 8pm ET on YouTube LIVE - The longest running YouTube live show about electronics, information often on during an "Adafruit IO Update" segment. New compatible hardware during "New New New" segment. Contribute Contributions and suggestions are always welcome! Please make pull requests to modify Awesome AdafruitIO. License To the extent possible under law, the authors have waived all copyright and related or neighbouring rights to this work. About A curated list of awesome Adafruit IO guides, videos, libraries, frameworks, software and resources. Topics python mqtt iot arduino awesome adafruit awesome-list Resources Readme Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Custom properties Stars 71 stars Watchers 13 watching Forks 7 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 4 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.