GitHub - SrinivasanTarget/awesome-appium: A curated list of delightful Appium resources. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert SrinivasanTarget / awesome-appium Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 137 Star 448 A curated list of delightful Appium resources. 448 stars 137 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights SrinivasanTarget/awesome-appium masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History126 Commits.travis.yml.travis.yml README.mdREADME.md code_of_conduct.mdcode_of_conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductAwesome Appium A curated list of delightful Appium resources. Feel free to add links via PRs and file issues to start discussions. Inspired by the awesome list thing. Contents Server Clients Inspectors Tutorials Appium Pro Blogs Workshops Cloud and Docker Solutions Git Books Test Frameworks Community Tips Server Appium - Appium is an open source, cross-platform test automation tool for native, hybrid and mobile web and desktop apps, tested on simulators (iOS), emulators (Android), and real devices (iOS, Android, Windows, Mac). Clients Ruby Python Java JavaScript Objective C PHP C# (.NET) RobotFramework Inspectors Appium Desktop - Appium Server and Inspector in Desktop GUIs for Mac, Windows, and Linux. WebDriverAgent Inspector - A WebDriver server for iOS that runs inside the Simulator. Selendroid Inspector - The web app which is embedded inside your selendroid test server. Appium iOS Inspector - The tool for iOS elements location based on the original source of Selendroid Inspector. app-inspector - Macacajs App Inspector. Become an Appium Pro Seeding the iOS simulator with test photos Seeding an Android device with test photos Running arbitrary ADB commands via Appium Using Appium for Testing Mobile Web Apps Performance Testing of Android Apps Testing iOS App Upgrades Speeding Up Tests With Deep Links How to Find Elements in iOS (Not) By XPath Testing Android App Upgrades Anatomy of Logging in Appium Simulating SMS Messages on Android Capturing Performance Data for Native iOS Apps Switching Between iOS Apps During a Test How to Automate a Pop Rock Band Testing iOS Push Notifications Automating the Clipboard on iOS and Android Automating Cross-Platform Hybrid Apps Using Espresso With Appium Making Your Appium Tests Fast and Reliable, Part 1: Test Flakiness Making Your Appium Tests Fast and Reliable, Part 2: Finding Elements Making Your Appium Tests Fast and Reliable, Part 3: Waiting for App States Making Your Appium Tests Fast and Reliable, Part 4: Dealing With Unfindable Elements Making Your Appium Tests Fast and Reliable, Part 5: Setting Up App State Making Your Appium Tests Fast and Reliable, Part 6: Tuning Your Capabilities Making Your Appium Tests Fast and Reliable, Part 7: Disabling Animations Making Your Appium Tests Fast and Reliable, Part 8: Mocking External Services Making Your Appium Tests Fast and Reliable, Part 9: When Things Go Wrong Running Multiple Appium Tests in Parallel Automating Complex Gestures with the W3C Actions API iOS-Specific Touch Action Methods Automating Custom Alert Buttons on iOS Finding Elements By Image, Part 1 Finding Elements By Image, Part 2 Simulating Hardware Keys And Key Events On Android Writing XPath Queries That Work Using The 'nativeWebTap' Capability Capturing Browser Errors and Logs in iOS Web/Hybrid Apps Capturing Browser Errors and Logs in Android Web/Hybrid Apps Early-Stage AI for Appium Test Automation How To Test On Real iOS Devices With Appium, Part 1 How To Test Real iOS Devices With Appium, Part 2 Simulating Incoming Phone Calls On Android How To Automatically Grant iOS App Permissions Using Appium Working With Web Components (Shadow DOM) How to Automate Siri Voice Commands Using Appium Sending Arbitrary Keystrokes With The Actions API Running Appium From Source (Or The Latest Beta) How To Flash Elements On Screen While Debugging Appium Tests How To Spread Some Holiday Cheer Using Appium Special Capabilities for Speeding up Android Test Initialization Calling Methods Inside Your App From Appium Automating Mac Apps with Appium Accessing Android Logcat Logs with Appium Using Appium With Selenium Grid Using Mobile Execution Commands to Continuously Stream Device Logs with Appium What Appium Users Need to Know about Android Activities and Intents How to Determine Element Locators For Mobile Web and Hybrid Apps How to Test on Headless Emulators and Simulators with Appium How to Automate Picker Wheel Controls How to Pick the Right Locator Strategy How to Accurately Select Webviews Using the fullContextList Capability Capturing iOS Simulator Network Traffic with Appium Capturing Android Emulator Network Traffic with Appium Validating Android Toast Messages Capturing Network Traffic in Java with Appium Automating System Apps with Appium Generating Touch Gestures to Zoom In and Out on Google Maps Automating Physical Buttons on iOS Devices Capturing Audio Output During Testing: Part 1 Capturing Audio Output During Testing: Part 2 Starting an Appium Server Programmatically Using AppiumServiceBuilder Simulating Slow Internet Connections on Android Emulators with Appium Working with Multile Webviews in Android Hybrid Apps Automating Custom IoT Devices With Appium, Part 1 Automating Custom IoT Devices With Appium, Part 2 Testing React Native Apps with Appium Optimizing WebDriverAgent Startup Performance Attaching Appium Clients to Existing Sessions Converting Java Tests to Kotlin Testing iOS Face ID with Appium Testing Windows Desktop Apps With Appium Streaming Video from iOS Devices Speeding Up Android Screenshots With MJPEG Servers Reliably Opening Deep Links Across Platforms and Devices Batching Appium Commands Using Execute Driver Script to Speed Up Tests Connecting Directly to Appium Hosts in Distributed Environments Working With Android 10 Saving Test Data To Make Debugging Easier Java Understanding Appium Drivers (And How To Choose Which One To Use) Optimizing Image Element Thresholds Getting Started With Appium For Android On Windows Using AI-based Object Detection For Finding Elements Managing Chromedriver for Android Chrome and Webview Testing Using the Appium Events API The 'Android Data Matcher' Locator Strategy Working With Cookies Capturing App Launch Metrics On Android Visual Testing With Appium, Part 1 Visual Testing With Appium, Part 2 Visual Testing With Appium, Part 3 AI for Appium--and Selenium! Mobile App Performance Testing Free Tools For Mobile App Performance Testing With Appium Simulating Different Network Conditions For Virtual Devices Paid Tools And Services For Mobile App Performance Testing Tutorials TOOLSQA - Appium tutorial for beginners (Android & iOS). GURU99 - Appium tutorial for beginners. QTPSELENIUM - Appium tutorials. Testing Diaries - Appium Tutorial for Complete Beginners. Appium Bootcamp - Appium Bootcamp by Sauce. Appium Mobile Grid Setup - The Mobile Grid  Getting Started for Android & iOS. Selenium Camp 2016 - Selenium Camp 2016. Blogs All about Appium Desired Capabilities - All about Appium's desired capabilities. Appium Architecture & Appium Desktop - Appium Architecture, settings, etc (Updated) Appium Architecture - Architecture of Appium. All about Appium - All about Appium in Wordpress. Appium with Image Recognition - Appium with Image Recognition - Simon Kaz. Automate Android Actions using Appium - Automate Android Actions using Appium - kkashyap1707. Network Connection in Appium - How to deal with Network Connection from Appium 4.0.0 - Elias Nogueira. How to change language in Appium - Appium Tips  Changing the app Language - Elias Nogueira. Automated UI testing of a UWP app using Appium - Windows Application driver makes UWP Apps compatible using Appium - Yassine benabbas. Context Switching in Appium Switching to a Dynamically Named Context Handle with Appium and Java - Kevin Berg. A Robot Should Be Running Your Appium Tests - How to run Appium Tests using Robots. - Dan Cuellar. Appium Tests on Buddybuild - Automates building, deploying and gathering feedback for mobile apps - Stipe Kolovrat. Android setup Linux - From Zero To Appium: A How-To Guide For Configuring Appium With Android [Useful Appium Series] (http://bitbar.com/tag/appium/) - Appium Tip Series [Inspect iOS app's with Appium 1.6] (https://medium.com/@chenchaoyi/the-options-of-inspecting-ios-10-app-with-appium-1-6-534ba166b958#.ezq1q0iuo) - The options of inspecting iOS 10 app with Appium 1.6 GraphWalker - GraphWalker is a open source Model-based testing tool for test automation. It's designed to make it easy to design your tests using graphs Appium + Mobile Game Testing - MOBILE GAME TESTING  PART #2: UI AND FUNCTIONALITY + IMAGE RECOGNITION WinAppDriver - WinAppDriver - Test any app with Appium's Selenium-like tests on Windows IMAGE RECOGNITION WITH APPIUM - USING APPIUM FOR MOBILE GAME TESTING Uncover invisible changes in automated tests - By KazuCocoa Adding AI to Appium - By test.ai Workshops Appium Workshop Selnium Conf 2016 - Repo for Appium Workshop at the 2016 Selenium Conference - Justin Ison. Cloud and Docker Solutions Appium Tests in AWS Device Farm - Sample Appium tests runs on AWS Device Farm. Appium Tests in OpenSTF Device Farm - Sample Appium tests runs on STF Device Farm. Official Appium Docker Images - DockerFile for Appium Android Real Devices. Appium Docker Images - DockerFile for Appium Android. Appium Docker File - DockerFile for Appium Android. Appium Docker File - DockerFile for Appium Android. TestingBot - Cloud based Device Farm, run Appium tests on physical Android and iOS devices. Git Books Appium Essentials - Explore mobile automation with Appium and discover new ways to test native, web, and hybrid applications - Manoj Hans. Appium for Android - A quick reference book on how to use Appium for automating Android Application using Java - Nishant Verma. Test Frameworks Appium Cucumber Test - Sample Appium Cucumber Project. Appium-Native-Crawler - Appium Native Crawler CLI - Features include: Screenshots, Performance, Accessibility Detection, Google Translate, Applitools, Monkey Tester. coteafs-appium - A tester friendly Mobile Automation Framework built on top of Appium which supports testing web and native apps for Android, iOS and Windows real or emulator Mobiles and Tablets. Optimus - Cucumber based Mobile Automation Framework, which supports test parallelization. PageObject Pattern Framework - Sample Page Object Pattern Framework to use directly. Parallel Framework Java-Client - Run appium tests in parallel across iOS and Android devices. Community Discuss Stack Overflow @appiumdevs on Twitter #appium on Slack Tips Contribute some ;) Contribute Contributions welcome! Read the contribution guidelines first. License To the extent possible under law, Srinivasan Sekar has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. About A curated list of delightful Appium resources. Topics inspector appium docker-appium appium-ios appium-tests cloud-solution appium-tutorials appium-android awesome-appium Resources Readme Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 448 stars Watchers 62 watching Forks 137 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 7 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.