GitHub - steven2358/awesome-blockchain-ai: A curated list of Blockchain projects for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert steven2358 / awesome-blockchain-ai Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 161 Star 1k A curated list of Blockchain projects for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 1k stars 161 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 2 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights steven2358/awesome-blockchain-ai masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History59 CommitsCONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md DEADPOOL.mdDEADPOOL.md README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEAwesome Blockchain AI A curated list of Blockchain projects for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. This list explores awesome projects that exploit the properties of blockchain technologies (decentralization, immutability, smart contracts, etc.) to build the next generation of AI systems. Contents Recommended reading Blockchains for AI algorithms Blockchains for data Blockchains for computation Blockchains for AI in finance Blockchains for AI in medicine Blockchains for AI in supply chains Academic Research Recommended reading Wikipedia Blockchain - "A blockchain is a growing list of records, called blocks, which are linked using cryptography." Artificial Intelligence - "In the field of computer science, artificial intelligence (AI), sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and other animals." Machine Learning - "Machine learning (ML) is the scientific study of algorithms and statistical models that computer systems use to effectively perform a specific task without using explicit instructions, relying on patterns and inference instead." Blockchain, AI and Machine Learning Decentralizing AI: Dreamers vs. Pragmatists. - Jesus Rodriguez, May 23, 2019. How the Blockchain Could Break Big Tech's Hold on A.I. - New York Times, October 20, 2018. How to Actually Combine AI and Blockchain in One Platform - Hacker Noon, June 7, 2018. Blockchain-based Machine Learning Marketplaces - Fred Ehrsam, March 13, 2018. The convergence of AI and Blockchain: what's the deal? - Francesco Corea, December 1, 2017. Blockchains for AI algorithms SingularityNET - SingularityNET is a distributed AI platform on the Ethereum blockchain, with each blockchain node backing up an AI algorithm. Intuition Fabric - The goal of Intuition Fabric is to democratize access to AI through a network of deep learning models that are stored on the interplanetary file system and accessed through the Ethereum blockchain. OpenMined - OpenMined is a community focused on building open-source technology for the decentralized ownership of data and intelligence. With OpenMined, AI can be trained on data that it never has access to. Raven Protocol - Raven Protocol is a decentralized and distributed deep-learning training protocol. Thought Network - Thought's blockchain-enabled Fabric fundamentally changes applications by embedding artificial intelligence into every bit of data making it agile, actionable and inherently secure. MATRIX AI - The Matrix AI Network is a public chain that combines AI technology with blockchain technology to solve the major challenges currently stifling the development and adoption of blockchain technology. Matrix is poised to revolutionize and democratize the field of Artificial Intelligence using a blockchain-powered decentralized computing platform. Cortex Labs - Cortex Labs is a decentralized AI platform with a virtual machine that allows you to execute AI programs on-chain. Fetch.ai - Fetch.ai is a decentralized machine learning platform based on a distributed ledger, that enables secure sharing, connection and transactions based on any data globally. Oraichain - Oraichain is the world's first intelligent and secure solution for emerging Web3, scalable Dapps, and decentralized AI. Bittensor - Bittensor is an open-source protocol that powers a decentralized, blockchain-based machine learning network. Related resources. Alethea AI - A research and development studio building at the intersection of Generative AI and Blockchain. Vanna Labs - An Ethereum L2 rollup that supports native, seamless, and trustless AI/ML inferences on-chain to empower decentralized applications. Blockchain projects for AI algorithms Danku - A blockchain-based protocol for evaluating and purchasing ML models on a public blockchain such as Ethereum. Blog post. Decentralized & Collaborative AI on Blockchain - 0xDeCA10B is a framework to host and train publicly available machine learning models in smart contracts with incentive mechanisms to encourage good quality training data while keeping the models free to use for prediction. Blog post. Blockchains for data Ocean Protocol - Ocean Protocol is a decentralized data exchange protocol that lets people share and monetize data while guaranteeing control, auditability, transparency and compliance to all actors involved. Its network handles storing of the metadata (i.e. who owns what), links to the data itself, and more. Blockchains for computation TrueBit - TrueBit gives Ethereum smart contracts a computational boost. DeepBrain Chain - A decentralized AI computing platform that supplies processing power to companies looking to develop A.I. technologies. Nunet - A globally decentralized computing framework that combines latent computing power of independently owned compute devices across the globe into a dynamic marketplace of compute resources. Phala Network - A decentralized off-chain compute infrastructure for Web3 development. Blockchains for AI in finance Numerai - Numerai is a hedge fund powered by a network of anonymous data scientists that build machine learning models to operate on encrypted data and stake cryptocurrency to express confidence in their models. Cindicator - Cindicator is a crowd-sourced prediction engine for financial and crypto indicators. Erasure - Erasure is a decentralized protocol and data marketplace for financial predictions. Blockchains for AI in medicine doc.ai - doc.ai aims to decentralize precision medicine on the blockchain by using AI. BurstIQ - Healthcare data marketplace with granular ownership and granular consent of data. By using on-chain storage on a custom blockchain, BurstIQ can comply with HIPAA, GDPR, and other regulations. Blockchains for AI in supply chains Academic Research Coin.AI - Baldominos, A., & Saez, Y. (2019). Coin.AI: A proof-of-useful-work scheme for blockchain-based distributed deep learning. Entropy, 21(8), 723. WekaCoin - Bravo-Marquez, F., Reeves, S., & Ugarte, M. (2019, April). Proof-of-learning: a blockchain consensus mechanism based on machine learning competitions. In 2019 IEEE International Conference on Decentralized Applications and Infrastructures (DAPPCON) (pp. 119-124). IEEE. Deep Learning-Based Consensus - Li, B., Chenli, C., Xu, X., Shi, Y., & Jung, T. (2019). DLBC: A Deep Learning-Based Consensus in Blockchains for Deep Learning Services. arXiv preprint arXiv:1904.07349. Proof of Deep Learning - Chenli, C., Li, B., Shi, Y., & Jung, T. (2019, May). Energy-recycling blockchain with proof-of-deep-learning. In 2019 IEEE International Conference on Blockchain and Cryptocurrency (ICBC) (pp. 19-23). IEEE. BlockML - Merlina, A. (2019, December). BlockML: a useful proof of work system based on machine learning tasks. In Proceedings of the 20th International Middleware Conference Doctoral Symposium (pp. 6-8). Convergence of AI and DLT - Pandl, K. D., Thiebes, S., Schmidt-Kraepelin, M., & Sunyaev, A. (2020). On the convergence of artificial intelligence and distributed ledger technology: A scoping review and future research agenda. IEEE Access, 8, 57075-57095. Proof of Learning - Lan, Y., Liu, Y., & Li, B. (2020). Proof of Learning (PoLe): Empowering Machine Learning with Consensus Building on Blockchains. arXiv preprint arXiv:2007.15145. Decentralized and Collaborative AI on Blockchain - Harris, J. D., & Waggoner, B. (2019, July). Decentralized and collaborative AI on blockchain. In 2019 IEEE International Conference on Blockchain (Blockchain) (pp. 368-375). IEEE. Decentralized and Collaborative AI on Blockchain - Harris, J. D. (2020, September). Analysis of Models for Decentralized and Collaborative AI on Blockchain. In International Conference on Blockchain (pp. 142-153). Springer, Cham. Hyperparameter Optimization - Mittal, A., & Aggarwal, S. (2020). Hyperparameter optimization using sustainable proof of work in blockchain. Frontiers in Blockchain, 3, 23. Proof of Federated Learning - Qu, X., Wang, S., Hu, Q., & Cheng, X. (2021). Proof of federated learning: A novel energy-recycling consensus algorithm. IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems, 32(8), 2074-2085. Proof of neural architecture - Li, B., Lu, Q., Jiang, W., Jung, T., & Shi, Y. (2021, May). A mining pool solution for novel proof-of-neural-architecture consensus. In 2021 IEEE International Conference on Blockchain and Cryptocurrency (ICBC) (pp. 1-3). IEEE. License To the extent possible under law, Steven Van Vaerenbergh has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. About A curated list of Blockchain projects for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Topics machine-learning awesome blockchain artificial-intelligence awesome-list Resources Readme Activity Stars 1k stars Watchers 38 watching Forks 161 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 7 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.