GitHub - Siddharth11/Colorful: A curated list of awesome resources to choose your next color scheme Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert Siddharth11 / Colorful Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 53 Star 1.2k A curated list of awesome resources to choose your next color scheme License CC0-1.0 license 1.2k stars 53 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights Siddharth11/Colorful masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History72 Commitscode-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md color-palette.gifcolor-palette.gif contributing.mdcontributing.md licenselicense readme.mdreadme.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 license Colorful A curated list of awesome resources to choose your next color scheme. Inspired by the awesome list. Please read the contribution guidelines before contributing. Table of Contents Tools Libraries Web App Color Palettes Articles Tools Libraries Chroma.js - JavaScript library for dealing with colors. pigment - Color information, conversion and manipulation library GradStop.js - Generate gradient color stops. Adaptive Backgrounds - Extract dominant colors from images and apply to its parent (jQuery Plugin). Coloor - Image preloading utility. Color Thief - Grab color palette from an image. Colorify.js - Simple, customizable, tiny JavaScript color extractor. Colofilter.css - Duotone filters made with CSS. Polychrome - A small library for parsing and manipulating colors. Palettable - Palettable (formerly brewer2mpl) is a library of color palettes for Python picocli - Small library for creating Java command line applications with ANSI colors and styles. granim.js - Create fluid and interactive gradient animations. tinygradient - Fast and small gradients manipulation. TinyColor - Fast, small color manipulation and conversion for JavaScript. Distinct Colors - Generate a palette of visually distinct colors. color2k - A color parsing and manipulation lib. Web App Color Picker for Data - Hold chroma constant and pick your palette with ease. Colorbrewer2 - Multi-hue and single-hue palettes for heat maps and data visualization. Coolors - Generate infinite color palettes for your designs and share. Flat UI Colors - UI color set. Material Design Colors - Material Design Colors, Flat UI Colors and Material Design Icons. Palettab - New color palette and font inspiration with every tab (Chrome Extension). Paletton - The Color Scheme Designer. Adobe Color Wheel - Create color schemes with the color wheel. Drag Gradients - Generate and customize multiple css3 radial gradients. SassMe - Visualize SASS color functions in real-time without compiling. Colourco - Easily and intuitively combine colours. HSL Color Picker - HSL Color Picker. SVG Color Filter Playground - Understand how feColorMatrix works. Random A11y - Generates a random palette that is a11y friendly. Save My Palette - Save, share, and export your color palettes. Colordot - A color picker for humans. Material Palette - Material Design color palette generator. 0to255 - Find variations of any color. 147 Colors - Learn CSS color names. Shutterstock Spectrum - Search Images by Color with Spectrum. ColRD - Create and share color inspiration with the world. Palettable - Generate beautiful color palettes with no prior design knowledge. Colorgorical - Generate a palette with n colors. Color Library - Automated Color Separation. ColorFavs - Create and Discover Beautiful Color Palettes and Colors. Colormind - Colormind is a color scheme generator that uses deep learning. iColorpalette - Create, browse or export (aco, ase, svg, png, pdf) color palettes by color or themes. geenes - Create a color scale in seconds, then export it to sketch or code. Tints and Shades - Display tints and shades of a given hex color in 10% increments. Sorted colors - Sorted named CSS colors in a way that it shows related colors together. Croma - Generate color palettes from image and colors Hexcolorpedia - Hex color information, Color conversion, Shades, tints, tones, Pantone match, color blending and huge Color palettes collection. Atmos - Everything you need to create color palettes. AI Color Palette Generator - Effortlessly Create Stunning Color Schemes with AI-Powered Palette Generator. Colorca - Design an accessible color palette for digital products in HSLuv color space ColorBeta - Advanced CSS Gradient Generator. Color Wheel - A color wheel based on the drawings by Goethe, Johann Wolfgang von from the year 1810. RGB HEX Code - HTML/CSS Color Picker & Converter. Color Palettes ColorHunt - Color palettes with quick preview feature. Swiss Style Color Picker - Color palettes collection. UI Gradients - Handpicked collection of beautiful colour gradients. Color Hex Palettes - Discover the new color palettes. Color Palettes - Decorate your house, flat, bedroom, kitchen, living room and wedding with color ideas. Design Seeds - Colors found in nature and the aesthetic of purposeful living. Gradients - Curated gradients. Colour Names - List of colour names in CSS. BrandColors - Official color codes for the world's biggest brands. Branition Colors - Hand-curated collection of color pallets best fitted for branding. Color Lisa - Color palette masterpieces of the worlds greatest artists. Cohesive Colors - A tool to create cohesive color schemes. Colordrop - A collection of great looking color palettes. ColorsWall - Place to store your color Palettes and generate tool. Open Color - Colors tested on deuteranopia and protanopia mode. ColorClaim - Subtle color combinations. WebGradients - A free collection of 180 linear gradients. Dave Green's 'cubehelix' colour scheme - Resources for the cubehelix family of colour schemes. Color Name List - Huge curated list of unique color names. Realtime Colors - Visualize Your Colors & Fonts On a Real Site. InclusiveColors - Create custom accessible Tailwind-style color palettes, with WCAG/APCA contrast checks and live previews on a mockup. ColorMagic - Generate color palettes with AI. Enter any keyword and generate a matching color palette. Magic Gradient - Generate gradients from any keyword with AI. Articles Trendy Web Color Palettes and Material Design Color Schemes & Tools How I Work with Color Color Palette Documentation for Living Style Guides How I Learned About Color Mixing The Power of Colour in App Design Create Emotion With Color In UX Design The Principles of UX Choreography How to create a color story The Psychology of Color in Marketing Algorithm for automatic harmonious color selection for the image Take color inspiration from the masters Build a Color Scheme: The Fundamentals Principles of Color and the Color Wheel Color and Emotion: What Does Each Hue Mean? Color Theory for Designers, Part 1: The Meaning of Color A Simple Web Developers Guide To Color Design Accessibly, See Differently: Color Contrast Tips And Tools The Code Side Of Color How to create the right emotions with color in web design Picking a color for your brand Finessing `feColorMatrix` Designing in color Color Realism and Color Science The Psychology of Color in Marketing and Branding A Guide to Color and Conversion Rates A Nerds Guide to Color on the Web A colour scheme for the display of astronomical intensity images Image credits Aleksandar Savi and Nenad Zivanovic. About A curated list of awesome resources to choose your next color scheme Topics list awesome resource colors color-scheme color-palette awesome-list articles color-theory Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 1.2k stars Watchers 12 watching Forks 53 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 18 + 4 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.