GitHub - lnishan/awesome-competitive-programming: :gem: A curated list of awesome Competitive Programming, Algorithm and Data Structure resources Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert lnishan / awesome-competitive-programming Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 2.6k Star 13.1k  A curated list of awesome Competitive Programming, Algorithm and Data Structure resources codeforces.com/blog/entry/23054 License CC-BY-4.0 license 13.1k stars 2.6k forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 9 Pull requests 14 Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights lnishan/awesome-competitive-programming masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History362 Commits.travis.yml.travis.yml CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSE.mdLICENSE.md README.mdREADME.md README.pdfREADME.pdf _config.yml_config.yml index.mdindex.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC-BY-4.0 licenseAwesome Competitive Programming A curated list of awesome Competitive Programming, Algorithm and Data Structure resources. Created with a view to connecting people to information, this list below contains a complete collection of all the fantastic resources I've collected over the course of my 11-year competitive programming career. I hope you'll find it useful :) What is competitive programming? - Quora Contributing Please kindly follow CONTRIBUTING.md to get started. You can also contribute by sharing! Share the list with your classmates, your friends and everyone :) By connecting more people to information, You, are doing not me, but everyone a HUGE favor! I really hope that more people can benefit from this list :) Table of Contents List of Lists Syllabuses Tutorial Websites Open Courses Open Courses for Algorithms and Data Structures Books Books for Algorithms | Books for Mathematics Sites for Practice Problem Classifiers | Contest Calendars Camps and Trainings Sites for Questions Implementations Language Specifics C/C++ | Java | Miscellaneous Tools IDEs | Personal use | Contest Preparation Community Blogs | Youtube and Livestreams | Quora Other Awesome Resources Articles | FAQs | Awesome Lists | Interview Questions License List of Lists Awesome curated lists classified by topics.  Name Description  Good Blog Post Resources about Algorithm and Data Structures - Codeforces A collection of fantastic tutorial blog posts written by Codeforces users. Some intriguing ones include Palindromic Trees, Policy Based Data Structures, and a lot more.  All of the good tutorials found on codeforces - Codeforces Another good collection of tutorial blog posts written by Codeforces users.  Data Structures and Algorithms - CodeChef Discuss A very complete list of competitive programming resources. A must-have in your browser bookmark.  How to prepare for ACM - ICPC? - GeeksforGeeks A detailed walk-through of the preparations for ACM-ICPC. Syllabuses Find out what topics you need to learn.  Name Description  IOI Syllabus A detailed syllabus on which IOI contestants will be tested. This is still somewhat relevant to ACM-ICPC.  How to prepare for ACM - ICPC? - GeeksforGeeks A detailed walk-through of the preparations for ACM-ICPC.  Programming Camp Syllabus A list of important topics in competitive programming with exercise problems.  Juniors Training Sheet, by Mostafa Saad Ibrahim ~800 ordered problems for newcomers to be good up to Div2-D Tutorial Websites Awesome websites with great tutorials.  Name Description  Topcoder Data Science Tutorials A list of tutorials written by respected Topcoder members. Many top programmers started learning data sciences from here.  E-Maxx (Russian), (English) A tutorial website widely used and referenced in the Russian-speaking competitive programming community. Most of the articles of the original site have been translated into English, Google Translate works okay for the remaining ones.  Algorithms - GeeksforGeeks A website with a large archive of nicely written articles on different topics. It is a great complimentary resource for algorithm courses.  PEGWiki A website with amazing in-depth wiki-like writeups on many topics. It's far better than those on Wikipedia in my opinion.  Notes - HackerEarth A great crowdsourcing platform for tutorials. Also visit Code Monk.  USA Computing Olympiad (USACO) Contains several training pages on its website which are designed to develop one's skills in programming solutions to difficult and varied algorithmic problems at one's own pace.  basecs A blog with in-depth, illustrated tutorials on basic algorithms and data structures.  Competitive Programming - Commonlounge Short video tutorials for beginner and intermediate concepts. Advanced tutorials selected from the best ones available on various CP blogs.  OLYMPIADS IN INFORMATICS An international journal focused on the research and practice of professionals who are working in the field of teaching and learning informatics to talented student.  algolist (Russian) A Russian website devoted to algorithms of all sorts. Some topics listed on this website seems pretty interesting.   (Algorithm Notes) (Chinese) One of the most popular tutorial websites among the Taiwanese competitive programming community. The maintainer for this website spends immense efforts on researching algorithms.   1999-2015 (Papers from Chinese IOI training camps) (Chinese) Papers from the Chinese IOI training camps. It's interesting for the fact that one can tell different regions emphasize different things.  Mini-Editorials, by Mostafa Saad Ibrahim trainees Solutions with mini-editorials for many problems, including UVA/SPOJ/IOI/Olympiad problems  OI Wiki (Competitive Programming) (Chinese) OI Wiki is committed to being a free and open continuously updated programming competition (competitive programming) knowledge integration site. This wiki is a sort of companion or guide for the competitive programmer who's trying to learn something Open Courses Consider beginning your competitive programming journey with these awesome courses!  Name Description  Code Monk, by HackerEarth A fantastic step-by-step tutorial on the essential topics in competitive programming.  Stanford CS 97SI: Introduction to Competitive Programming Contests Offers comprehensive lecture slides and a short list of exercise problems.  How to Win Coding Competitions: Secrets of Champions A course by ITMO University on competitive coding on edX.  Codechef's Indian Programming Camp Video Lectures from Codechef's Indian Programming Camp 2016. Lectures given by top competitive programmers like Sergey Kulik, Kevin Charles Atienza and Anudeep Nekkanti. Primarily focused on exploring these concepts by applying them to actual competitive contest problems.  Reykjavik T-414-FLV: A Competitive Programming Course An awesome course taught by Bjarki gst Gumundsson (SuprDewd). These lectures feature neat slides and a nice list of problems to practice.  NCTU DCP4631: Problem Solving and Programming Techniques A course on basic topics featuring good lecture slides.  Materials (English) from Arabic Competitive Programming YouTube Channel Some materials (slides & source codes) covering a broad range of algorithmic topics by Mostafa Saad Ibrahim. Open Courses for Algorithms and Data Structures  Name Description  prakhar1989/awesome-courses#algorithms A fantastic list of open courses offered by notable institutions (MIT, Stanford, UC Berkeley ... etc.).  MIT SMA 5503: Introduction to Algorithms Lectured by Prof. Charles Leiserson (one of the coauthors of Introduction to Algorithms) and Prof. Erik Demaine (a brilliant professor who has made remarkable breakthroughs in data science), the course offers great materials, accompanied by intuitive and comprehensive analyses.  UIUC Algorithm Course lecture notes, homeworks, exams, and discussion problems covering a broad range of algorithmic topics Books A list of recommended books for competitive programming.  Name Description  Competitive Programming, by Steven and Felix Halim This book contains a collection of relevant data structures, algorithms, and programming tips. It's a well-received book. ... The first edition is free for download (pdf).  Programming Challenges: The Programming Contest Training Manual, by Steven Skiena and Miguel Revilla This book includes more than 100 programming challenges, as well as the theory and key concepts necessary for approaching them. Problems are organized by topic, and supplemented by complete tutorial material.  Competitive Programmer's Handbook, by Antti Laaksonen An introduction to competitive programming for aspiring IOI and ICPC contestants. Free to download (pdf).  Algorithmic Thinking: A Problem-Based Introduction, by Daniel Zingaro A book that teaches data structures and algorithms using competitive programming problems (IOI, USACO, CCC/CCO, etc.).  Computational Geometry: Algorithms and Applications, by Mark de Berg, Otfried Cheong, Marc van Kreveld, Mark Overmars This is a well-written book which covers a broad range of computational geometry problems.  The Hitchhikers Guide to the Programming Contests, by Nite Nimajneb This book is free for download (pdf). This book covers various topics relevant to competitive programming.   (Japanese), by , ,  An absolutely phenomenal book. The contents, organized in a very coherent manner, are nothing short of amazing. ...  (Chinese Traditional)   (Chinese), by  The Art of Algorithms and Programming Contests (English),  (Chinese Traditional)   (Chinese), by ,   (Chinese Traditional)   (Chinese), by ,  An old-time classic. It's old but the contents in this book are still considered to be very difficult by today's standards. Books for Algorithms  Name Description  Introduction to Algorithms, by Thomas H. Cormen, Charles E. Leiserson, Ronald L. Rivest and Clifford Stein Also known as CLRS (taken from name initials), this book is often referred to as the "bible" for algorithms and data structures. It's one of the most popular textbooks for university algorithm courses. This book covered various algorithms and data structures in great detail. The writing is more rigorous and can be difficult to some.  Algorithm Design, by Jon Kleinberg and va Tardos This book revolves around techniques for designing algorithms. It's well-organized and written in a clear, understandable language. Each chapter is backed with practical examples and helpful exercises. The chapter on network flow is highly praised by lots. ... The lecture slides that accompany the textbook are available on its official website.  The Algorithm Design Manual, by Steven S. Skiena The book is written in more readable text. Some find it comprehensive than other books. You can also find some good resources (including the author's own video lectures) on its official website.  Algorithms, by Robert Sedgewick and Kevin Wayne This book is neatly categorized, coupled with elaborate explanations and fantastic illustrations. It is used in some IOI training camps as a textbook. Advanced Algorithms and Data Structures, by Marcello La Rocca This book provides a different approach to algorithms, balancing theory with a more practical angle, with a section per-chapter focusing on how to apply algorithms to real-world use cases that can be found in your daily work, or in competitive programming; it also presents a blend of classic, advanced, and new algorithms.  Algorithms, by Jeff Erickson A free electronic version of a self-published textbook licensed under CC by 4.0. This is a well written book from lecture notes of theoretical computer science courses at the University of Illinois. Covers the main paradigms of backtracking, dynamic programming, greedy, and particularly graphs in depth. Grokking Data Structures, by Marcello La Rocca Grokking Data Structures carefully guides you from the most basic data structures like arrays or linked lists all the way to powerful structures like graphs. Its perfect for beginners, and you wont need anything more than high school math to get started. Each data structure you encounter comes with its own complete Python implementation so you can start experimenting with what you learn right away. Books for Mathematics  Name Description  Discrete Mathematics and Its Applications, by Kenneth H. Rosen Discrete Mathematics is closely relevant to competitive programming. This book provides comprehensive materials on a wide range of topics including: Logics and Proofs, Sets, Functions, Sequences, Matrices, Number Theory, Recursion, Counting, Probability, Graphs, Trees and Boolean Alegra to name but a few.  Concrete Mathematics: A Foundation for Computer Science, by Ronald L. Graham, Donald E. Knuth, Oren Patashnik The book offers a deeper insight into Discrete Mathematics with more emphases on number-related topics.  Linear Algebra and Its Applications, by David C. Lay, Steven R. Lay, Judi J. McDonald The book does a brilliant job at bridging the gap between a physical system (for scientists and engineers) and an abstract system (for mathematicians).  Introduction to Probability, by Charles M. Grinstead, J. Laurie Snell This is a well-written introductory probabilities book. ... It's free for download (pdf) (released under GNU Free Documentation License).  How to Solve It: A New Aspect of Mathematical Method, by G. Polya An old-time classic. In this book, the author provides a systematic way to solve problems creatively.  Intermediate Counting & Probability, by David Patrick Topics in counting and probability byformer USA Mathematical Olympiad winner David Patrick , topics include inclusion-exclusion, 1-1 correspondences, the Pigeonhole Principle, constructive expectation, Fibonacci and Catalan numbers, recursion, conditional probability, generating functions, graph theory, and much more.. Sites for Practice Good online judge systems / contest platforms to practice.  Name Description  Codeforces Codeforces is one of, if not, the most popular contest platforms out there. Currently maintained by Saratov State University, it features regular contests and countless awesome original problems. Additionally, every contest provides immediate helpful tutorials (usually) written by the authors themselves. Codeforces also houses a strong and engaging community. All in all, one would indeed learn and improve tremendously here.  Topcoder Topcoder has been around since 2001. Rich in history, It's considered to be one of the most prestigious organizations when it comes to technology competitions. Hundreds of SRMs gave birth to an abundant problemset. Problems here are typically more challenging than others and Topcoder therefore appeals to many elite programmers. The annual Topcoder Open (TCO) is also a widely-discussed event.  Google Code Jam Google Code Jam is certainly one of the most highly-esteemed programming competitions. The competition consists of unique programming challenges which must be solved in a fixed amount of time. Competitors may use any programming language and development environment to obtain their solutions.  AtCoder AtCoder is a new but phenomenal contest platform created by a team of highly-rated Japanese competitive programmers.  CodeChef CodeChef is a non-profit educational initiative of Directi. It's a global competitive programming platform and has a large community of programmers that helps students and professionals test and improve their coding skills. Its objective is to provide a platform for practice, competition and improvement for both students and professional software developers. Apart from this, it aims to reach out to students while they are young and inculcate a culture of programming in India.  SPOJ The SPOJ platform is centered around an online judge system. It holds a staggering amount of problems prepared by its community of problem setters or taken from previous programming contests, some of which are great problems for practice (refer to the Problem classifiers section). SPOJ also allows advanced users to organize contests under their own rules.  Timus Timus Online Judge is the largest Russian archive of programming problems with automatic judging system. Problems are mostly collected from contests held at the Ural Federal University, Ural Championships, Ural ACM ICPC Subregional Contests, and Petrozavodsk Training Camps.  HDU HDU is an online judge maintained by Hangzhou Dianzi University. It's home to many classic problems from the Chinese IOI scene.  Aizu Online Judge Aizu online judge is a contest platform and problem archive hosted by The University of Aizu. It has a lot of great problems from programming competitions in Japan.  UVa An old-school problem archive / online judge with rich history. Thousands of problems, including many classic ones, are featured here. However, it is strongly advised that you practice with uHunt following its "Competitive Programming Exercise" section.  HackerRank HackerRank is a company that focuses on competitive programming challenges for both consumers and businesses. HackerRank's programming challenges can be solved in a variety of programming languages and span multiple computer science domains.  POJ POJ is an online judge with many great problems maintained by Peking University. Most Chinese competitive programmers began their journey here. The platform is really dated so mysterious compilation and run-time issues may occur.  Project Euler Project Euler features a stunning set of good math problems. It also hosts a forum where people can discuss.  Hackerearth HackerEarth is a startup technology company based in Bangalore, India that provides recruitment solutions.  Caribbean Online Judge COJ is hosted by University of Informatics Sciences (UCI, by its acronym in Spanish), located in Cuba. Feature ACM ICPC and Progressive contest styles, mostly from Caribbean and Latin American problem setters, also has problem classifier and contest calendar.  CS Academy New in the competitive programming scene, CS Academy is a growing online judge that hosts competitions once every two weeks. It supports live chat, interactive lessons and an integrated online editor (that actually works).  Russian Code Cup Programming competitions powered by Mail.Ru Group. Competition consists of 3 qualification, 1 elimination and 1 final rounds. For each round contestants are given 4-8 problems which must be solved in a fixed amount of time.  CodeFights CodeFights is a website for competitive programming practice and interview preparation. It features daily challenges of varying difficulty, an archive of problems and regular (every 15 minutes) mini-tournaments. Good for beginners.  OmegaUp (Spanish) OmegaUp is a community-based website for competitive programing training. It's also where Mexican Olympiad in Informatics (OMI : Olimpiada Mexicana de Informtica) is hosted. Problem Classifiers Sites classifying programming problems. Choose a category (eg. DP) of interest and practice problems on that topic.  Name Description  A2 Online Judge Mixed  Problem Classifier SPOJ  UVa Online Judge CP Book  Codeforces Tags CF (DP)  HackerRank HackerRank  Juniors Training Sheet, by Mostafa Saad Ibrahim ~800 ordered problems for newcomers to be good up to Div2-D  Lucky UVAACM (Chinese) UVa  Topcoder problem archive List of problems with categories and complexity levels Contest Calendars Calendars for impending programming contests. (Never miss another contest!)  Name Description  Programming Contest Calendar - HackerRank Google Calendar export available  clist.by API available for use  Coding Calendar (Android App)  Coder's Calendar: Android App, Chrome Extension, Firefox Add-on  CodeHorizon: iOS App, Android App  Competitive Programming Contests Calendar Google Calendar export available Sites for Questions These are great sites to ask questions. Paste your codes at ideone, pastebin or other sites to avoid formatting issues.  Name Description  Codeforces For quick answers, Codeforces is definitely the go-to place to ask about anything competition-related.  Competitive Programming - Quora You would typically get more elaborate answers on Quora, but you might not have your questions answered straightaway.  Theoretical Computer Science Stack Exchange This place is generally for the academics, so don't ask questions about contest problems here. Camps and Trainings Online Trainings and Camps.  Name Description  Online Free Problem-Solving Coaching, by Mostafa Saad Ibrahim See the coaching details and people comments on its nature/quality. Implementations Algorithm & Data structure implementations.  Name Description  CodeLibrary, by Andrey Naumenko (indy256) CodeLibrary contains a large collection of implementations for algorithms and data structures in Java and C++. You may also visit his GitHub Repository.  spaghetti-source/algorithm, by Takanori MAEHARA (@tmaehara) High-quality implementations of many hard algorithms and data structures.  kth-competitive-programming/kactl, by Simon Lindholm (simonlindholm) et al. A phenomenally organized, documented and tested team notebook from KTH Royal Institute of Technology. One of the most well-crafted team notebooks (contest libraries) I've ever seen.  jaehyunp/stanfordacm Stanford's team notebook is well maintained and the codes within are of high-quality.  ngthanhtrung23/ACM_Notebook_new, by team RR Watameda (I_love_Hoang_Yen, flashmt, nguyenhungtam) from National University of Singapore RR Watameda represented National University of Singapore for the 2016 ACM-ICPC World Finals. The items in this notebook are pretty standard and well-organized.  bobogei81123/bcw_codebook, by team bcw0x1bd2 (darkhh, bobogei81123, step5) from National Taiwan University bcw0x1bd2 represented National Taiwan University for the 2016 ACM-ICPC World Finals. This notebook contains robust implementations for advanced data structures and algorithms.  foreverbell/acm-icpc-cheat-sheet, by foreverbell (foreverbell) A notebook with some advanced data structures and algorithms including some from the China informatics scene.  igor's code archive, by Igor Naverniouk (Abednego) A good notebook by Igor Naverniouk who is currently a software engineer at Google and part of the Google Code Jam team. Language Specifics Languages and other miscellaneous knowledge. C/C++  Name Description  Power up C++ with the Standard Template Library - Topcoder: Part 1, Part 2 An introductory tutorial on basic C++ STLs.  Yet again on C++ input/output - Codeforces Learn more about C++ I/O optimizations.  C++ Tricks - Codeforces ... What are some cool C++ tricks to use in a programming contest? - Quora Plentiful C++ tricks for competitive programming. Note that some should be used with care.  C++ STL: Policy based data structures - Codeforces: Part 1, Part 2 Detailed introduction to the extra data structures implemented in GNU C++. The official documentation can be found here.  C++11 FAQ (English, Chinese, Russian, Japanese, Korean) A list of FAQs regarding C++11 collected and written by Bjarne Stroustrup, the creator of C++. Java  Name Description  How to read input in Java  tutorial - Codeforces Learn how to read input faster. This is a must-read for those who intend to use Java for competitive programming  How to sort arrays in Java and avoid TLE - Codeforces Some tips on how to avoid hitting the worst case of quick sort  BigNum arithmetic in Java  Let's outperform BigInteger! - Codeforces A basic but faster custom BigInteger class  EZ Collections, EZ Life (new Java library for contests) - Codeforces A Java library for contests written by Alexey Dergunov (dalex). ArrayList, ArrayDeque, Heap, Sort, HashSet, HashMap, TreeSet, TreeMap, TreeList and pair classes are implemented Miscellaneous  Name Description  Bit Twiddling Hacks A huge compiled list of bit manipulation tricks.  Comparing Floating Point Numbers, 2012 Edition - Random ASCII Everything you need to know about floating point numbers. A must read especially for geometry topics.  Object-Oriented C Style Languages: C++, Objective-C, Java, C# - a side-by-side reference sheet A detailed side-by-side reference sheet for common syntaxes. Tools Awesome tools that will make your life easier. IDEs  Name Platform Description  Vim CLI / Cross-Platform Vim is one of the most popular text editors among advanced programmers. It allows text-editing to be done very efficiently with solely keystrokes. Vim is also highly configurable, extensible and integrates with shells (command lines) really well. The only setback about Vim is that it has a high learning curve for beginners.  Emacs CLI / Cross-Platform Emacs is another popular text editor (or development environment to be more precise). The debate on "Vim vs. Emacs" is constantly brought up due to their popularity. Basically Emacs is more than just a text editor. It has plugins like file managers, web browsers, mail clients and news clients that allows users to performs these tasks directly inside Emacs. Emacs is "heavier" because of this, but it arguably has a relatively easier learning curve for beginners.  Far Manager Hybrid / Windows Far Manager is the most widely-used editor in the RU/CIS competitive programming community. It's actually a file manager in its bare bones, but you can install FarColorer - a syntax highlighter plugin to program on it. Properly configured, Far Manager allows you to navigate between files very efficiently while writing your codes.  Code::Blocks GUI / Cross-Platform Code::Blocks is the go-to IDE for C/C++. It's a full-fledged, versatile IDE with numerous great features. Code::Blocks is usually provided along with Vim in programming contests.  IntelliJ IDEA GUI / Cross-Platform IntelliJ IDEA is certainly one of the best IDEs for Java. It's used by most competitive programmers who use Java as their main language. Be sure to check out CHelper, a very handy plugin written for programming contests.  Sublime Text GUI / Cross-Platform Sublime Text is an extraordinary text editor. Packed with powerful and innovative features like Multiple Carets, Minimaps and Command Palletes, it attracts a strong and engaging community. Sublime Text is highly extensible, so be sure to have Package Control installed and explore perhaps one of the largest catalogue of plugins!  Eclipse GUI / Cross-Platform Eclipse is another good IDE for Java. It's an okay alternative to Intellij IDEA (A tad inferior to IDEA by today's standards). Sometimes contests only provide Eclipse for some reason, so this might be a good incentive to try and use Eclipse.  CLion GUI / Cross-Platform CLion, produced by JetBrains - the same company who made Intellij IDEA, is a powerful IDE for C++. Free educational licenses are available OR you can try out their EAP (Early Access Program) which is still free as of Apr, 2018. You may want to turn off its code inspection feature as it will cause quite a bit of lag.  Other IDEs Mixed Visual Studio is the IDE to use in case you want to code in C#. ... Both Atom and Visual Studio Code are built with Electron (written in JavaScript) and therefore somewhat resource-hogging. ... CodeLite is a newly rising IDE. Beware that the load-up and project-creation times can be extraordinary. Personal use  Name Description  VisuAlgo A website featuring a large collection of visualization tools for algorithms and data structures.  General Practice Helpers: ... CHelper (IntelliJ IDEA) (manual) ... caide (Visual Studio, CodeLite, standalone command line app) ... JHelper (AppCode, CLion) online-judge-tools (Stand alone CLI tool, It is actively maintained.) Great tools that parse contests, inline library codes and provide testing frameworks. They save you from spending your precious time on switching windows and copy-pasting back and forth.  Codeforces Parsers: ... Codeforces Parser ... GoCF ... cfparser (emacs) cfparser (cli) These tools parse Codeforces contest problems and help run sample tests.  The On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences (OEIS) A stunning encyclopedia with a database of countless integer sequences. It also features a powerful search engine. Sometimes a seemingly difficult combinatorics problem could be equivalent to a simple or studied integer sequence.  Syntax Highlighters: ... tohtml.com ... markup.su ... hilite.me Very handy for creating slides or team notebooks with pretty, formatted code snippets. Just copy the highlighted code snippets and paste them in your favorite WYSIWYG (What-You-See-Is-What-You-Get) editor!  Code Sharing: ... Ideone.com ... Pastebin.com ... Ubuntu Pastebin These tools generate semi-permanent pages for code sharing. Very useful especially when you're trying to get someone else to look into your code.  Ineffable A simple command-line grader for local grading.  uDebug A platform that provides expected outputs for user-specified inputs to problems on the UVa Online Judge. Some problems also provide additional test cases for debugging. Contest Preparation  Name Description  polygon polygon provides a platform and a rich set of tools for professional contest preparation. ... An example: Validators with testlib.h - Codeforces  Graph Editor A fantastic tool to create and visualize graphs.  tcframe A C++ framework for generating test cases of competitive programming problems.  Virtual Judge (vjudge) Virtual Judge (vjudge) allows users to create virtual contests with problems from notable problem archives.  BNU Online Judge BNU Online Judge also allows users to create virtual contests.  Kattis Kattis assists in contest preparation (E-mail them for assistance). Community Meet the god-like competitive programmers! Learn helpful tips, tutorials and insights from these people :) Blogs Name (Handle) Blog Name Codeforces blogs Petr Mitrichev (Petr) Algorithms Weekly Makoto Soejima (rng_58) rng_58's blog Bruce Merry (bmerry) Entropy always increases Przemysaw Dbiak (Psyho) Psyho's blog Anudeep Nekkanti (anudeep2011) Namespace Anudeep ;) vexorian (vexorian) vexorian's blog Ashar Fuadi (fushar) Fushar's blog LiJie Chen (WJMZBMR) WJMZBMR (Chinese) Huang I-Wen (dreamoon)  (Chinese) Shiang-Yun Yang (morris1028) Morris' Blog (Chinese) Yuhao Du (TooDifficuIt, TooSimple, xudyh) xudyh (Chinese) Youtube and Livestreams Name (Handle) Link Petr Mitrichev (Petr) Youtube Gate Lectures by Ravindrababu Ravula Youtube Mostafa Saad Ibrahim (mostafa.saad.fci) Competitive Programming Youtube (Arabic Speech-English Text) Tushar Roy Youtube, with many tutorial videos. GeeksforGeeks Youtube Algorithms Live! Youtube CodeChef Youtube HackerRank Youtube IDeserve Youtube code_report Youtube, with contest updates and problem tutorials of HackerRank, LeetCode, Topcoder and Codeforces. "Sothe" the Algorithm Wolf Youtube Egor Kulikov (Egor) Youtube Adam Bardashevich (subscriber) Youtube Bohdan Pryshchenko (I_love_Tanya_Romanova) Twitch, Youtube Vladimir Smykalov (enot.1.10) Twitch, Youtube Aleksandar Abas (Alex7) Youtube Mikhail Tikhomirov (Endagorion) Youtube Kamil Debowski (Errichto) Youtube David Harmeyer (SecondThread) Youtube, Editorials, High qualtiy lectures(advanced topics) mycodeschool Youtube, High quality videos on basic programming, data structures and algorithms William Lin (tmwilliamlin168) Youtube, Mostly streams, tips but inspiring and sometimes insightful CodeNCode (kazama460) Youtube, Short lectures covering various CP related topics like Graph Theory, Number theory, DP, Advanced Data structures. Colin Galen (galen_colin) Youtube, Editorials, screencasts William Feset Youtube, High quality videos covering almost all data structures, algorithms Quora Visit Competitive Programming - Quora (Top 10 Most Viewed Writers). Important Community Figures Description Bill Poucher Executive Director of ACM-ICPC. CS Professor at Baylor University. Michal Foriek (misof) Organizer of IPSC and IOI. CS Teacher at Comenius University in Slovakia. Algorithm and CS Education Researcher. Former highly-rated competitive programmer. Ahmed Aly (ahmed_aly) Founder of A2OJ. HackerRank Lead Software Engineer. Former member of the Google Code Jam team. Competitive Programmers Thanh Trung Nguyen (I_love_Hoang_Yen) Brian Bi (bbi5291) Jonathan Paulson (jonathanpaulson) Miguel Oliveira (mogers) Egor Suvorov (yeputons) Michal Danilk (Mimino) Bohdan Pryshchenko (I_love_Tanya_Romanova) Vladimir Novakovski (vnovakovski) Nick Wu (xiaowuc1) Cosmin Negruseri Lalit Kundu (darkshadows) Ashish Kedia (ashish1294) Johnny Ho (random.johnnyh) Joshua Pan (lonerz) Anudeep Nekkanti (anudeep2011) Steven Hao (stevenkplus) Raziman T.V. (razimantv) Other Awesome Resources Articles Informative and helpful articles Subject Overview of Programming Contests, by Przemysaw Dbiak (Psyho) The 'science' of training in competitive programming - Codeforces, by Thanh Trung Nguyen (I_love_Hoang_Yen) If you ask me how to improve your algorithm competition skill, I will give you the link of this blog. - Codeforces, by Huang I-Wen (dreamoon) How to prepare for ACM - ICPC? - GeeksforGeeks, by Vishwesh Shrimali Complete reference to competitive programming - HackerEarth, by Ravi Ojha Getting started with the sport of competitive programming - HackerEarth, by Triveni Mahatha FAQs Fine answers to frequently-asked questions Question How do I start competitive programming? - Quora How can I become good at competitive programming? - Quora ... What is the best strategy to improve my skills in competitive programming in 2-3 months? - Quora ... What is a good 6 month plan to start and progress through competitive programming? - Quora How is competitive programming different from real-life programming? - Quora What have you gained from competitive programming? - Quora Awesome Lists Relevant awesome lists Name Link C++ Books The Definitive C++ Book Guide and List - Stack Overflow Java Books What are the best books to learn Java? - Quora Advanced Java Books What is the best book for advanced Java programming? - Quora Algorithms tayllan/awesome-algorithms Algorithm Visualization enjalot/algovis Math rossant/awesome-math C++ fffaraz/awesome-cpp Java akullpp/awesome-java Courses prakhar1989/awesome-courses Free Programming Books vhf/free-programming-books Community-curated C++ Resources Hackr.io Interview Questions Name Description CareerCup The most popular website for software engineering interview preparation. InterviewBit Features intriguing and refreshing game-play designs which are designed to invoke one's interest in practicing. Awesome Interviews A curated list of awesome interview questions LeetCode Well-organized website for software engineering interview preparation with best explanined solutions. License Awesome Competitive Programming is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. About  A curated list of awesome Competitive Programming, Algorithm and Data Structure resources codeforces.com/blog/entry/23054 Topics list awesome algorithm practice data-structure contest competitive-programming quora awesome-list programming-contests learning-materials reference-materials Resources Readme License CC-BY-4.0 license Activity Stars 13.1k stars Watchers 420 watching Forks 2.6k forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 38 + 24 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.