GitHub - danvoyce/awesome-creative-tech-events: A curated list of awesome creative tech events from around the world Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert danvoyce / awesome-creative-tech-events Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 10 Star 171 A curated list of awesome creative tech events from around the world License CC0-1.0 license 171 stars 10 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 9 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights danvoyce/awesome-creative-tech-events masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History27 Commits.gitignore.gitignore LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md contributing.mdcontributing.md package-lock.jsonpackage-lock.json package.jsonpackage.json View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Creative Tech Events A curated list of events from around the globe for creative coding, tech, design, music, arts and cool stuff. Contributions are welcomed. Add or update links through pull requests. Contents Europe UK Netherlands France Germany Spain Austria Italy Czech Republic Slovakia Sweden Denmark North America Canada USA Central America Mexico South America Argentina Asia Japan Europe UK London London Creative Coding Meetup - Bimonthly meetup aiming to gather like minded creatives from all backgrounds. Visualising Data London - Bimonthly meetup for people who design, write code, draw or like to think about data visualisation. Algorithmic Art - Monthly meetup in London and other meetups in Cornwall to inspire artists to learn to code, technologists to explore art, and first time coders to get started in fun way that stimulates the senses. Encode - 2 day data viz conference. (September) Eastnor EMF Camp - Camping festival for hackers, artists, geeks, crafters, scientists, and engineers. (July) Netherlands Amsterdam Interactive storytelling Meetup - For everyone working with, or interested in, interactive and/or digital storytelling. Creative Coding Amsterdam - Meetup for people of all levels interested in all creative aspects of computer programming. FITC Amsterdam - 2 day event about design, technology and cool shit. (February) The Next Web - Europe's largest tech festival. (June) Eindhoven STRP - STRP Festival is one of the largest art & technology (e-culture) festivals in Europe where music, art and technology meet. (April) France Paris Immersive Art Festival - The Atelier des Lumires is a digital art centre where immersive exhibitions dedicated to the greatest artists in the history of art and more contemporary creations are projected. (October) Grow - The first parisian event dedicated to advanced creative coding. (November) Lyon Micro Meso Macro - Exploring the frontiers of data representation (November) Germany Berlin Creative Code Berlin Meetup - Diverse community of people interested in the use of computing skills for artistic expression. Dsseldorf, Berlin and Munich Beyond tellerrand - An affordable event about web design, development, creativity, design and much more with multiple events throughout the year. Hamburg Wirefly - The first tech & arts festival of its kind in Germany  4 days of  talks  music  events  food  camping - all that and more at a unique venue on the beach! (August) Spain Barcelona Mutek Barcelona - Electronic music and the digital arts festival. (March) Offf Barcelona - Conference for offline/online designers, motion designers, thinkers, sound designers, graphic designers, theorists, developers, professionals and students. (April) Sonar - Music, creativity & technology. (June) Austria Linz Ars Electronica Festival - Festival for art, technology and society. (September) Italy Milan Digital Design Days - 3 day event for the digital design industry. (October) Czech Republic Prague Signal Festival - 4 day themed festival showcasing digital installations across the city. (October) Slovakia Bratislava Sensorium Festival - 3 day festival for designers, creative directors, technologists, architects, innovators, artists and scientists interested in humane technology. (June) Sweden Stockholm Creative Coding Stockholm - Meetup group for anyone interested in creating art using programming languages. Denmark Copenhagen Creating Coding Copenhagen - Meetup group for people of all skill levels interested in generative art, machine learning for creative purpose or tech-based art in general. North America Canada Montral Mutek Montral - Electronic music and the digital arts festival. (March) Toronto FITC Toronto - 3 day celebration of the best the world has to offer in design, web development, media and innovation in creative technologies. (April) USA Minneapolis Eyeo Festival - Festival for Artists, data designers, creative coders, AI explorers, storytellers, tool & platform developers, and researchers all. (June) San Francisco CODAME ART+TECH Festival - Explores the manifold dimensions of SPACE with an incredible lineup schedule, including nightlife installations and performances, a variety of workshops, and community gathering art+tech salon to close off the Festival. (October) Pittsburgh p5.js Contributors Conference - Whilst most work happens online, every now and then artists, designers, developers and educators get together to advance the p5.js project. Central America Mexico Mutek Mexico - Electronic music and the digital arts festival. (November) South America Argentina Buenos Aires Mutek Buenos Aires - Electronic music and the digital arts festival. (September) Asia Japan Tokyo Mutek Tokyo - Electronic music and the digital arts festival. (December) License To the extent possible under law, Dan Voyce has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. About A curated list of awesome creative tech events from around the world Topics art music awesome digital tech awesome-list creative-tech-events digital-arts-festival Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 171 stars Watchers 7 watching Forks 10 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 4 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.