GitHub - micromata/awesome-css-learning: A tiny list limited to the best CSS Learning Resources Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert micromata / awesome-css-learning Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 251 Star 3.6k A tiny list limited to the best CSS Learning Resources License View license 3.6k stars 251 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 4 Pull requests 1 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights micromata/awesome-css-learning masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History49 Commits.github.github .editorconfig.editorconfig .gitattributes.gitattributes .gitignore.gitignore LICENSE.MDLICENSE.MD code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md package-lock.jsonpackage-lock.json package.jsonpackage.json readme.mdreadme.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductLicenseAwesome CSS Learning An awesome list limited to the best CSS learning resources This list is mainly about CSS  the language and the modules. Not about naming conventions, architecture paradigms, frameworks, pre-processors, post-processors, CSS-in-JS or other aspects of todays CSS ecosystem. Please read the contribution guidelines before contributing. Contents CSS References CSS in a nutshell Fundamental concepts CSS units Selectors Custom properties (aka CSS variables) Layout Animation Related CSS References codrops - An extensive CSS reference offering way more content than MDN. Can I use - Interactive browser support tables for CSS (and HTML5). CSS in a nutshell Introduction to CSS - This screencast series will teach you the basics of CSS in about one hour. Fundamental concepts The cascade - This article explains what the cascade is and how this affects you. Specificity and inheritance - Understanding specificity and inheritance is important to master CSS. This article will help. CSS Box Model - An article explaining the foundation of layout on the web. Also have a look at the detailed information about the box-sizing property. Responsive Design - Extensive information about all aspects of responsive design to make sites that look great and work well for everyone. CSS units The Lengths of CSS - Overview covering absolute and relative units. Fun with Viewport Units - Imparts the basics and shows some nifty use-cases. Selectors Basic CSS Selectors - An introduction to the very basic CSS selectors you need to know. Advanced CSS Selectors - Level up your knowledge. From attribute selectors to CSS3 pseudo classes. CSS Diner - Learn how to use CSS selectors with this fun little game. Custom properties (aka CSS variables) CSS Variables: Why Should You Care? - A short introduction to CSS variables. Locally Scoped CSS Variables: What, How, and Why - Describes the advantages of locally scoped CSS variables. Using CSS variables correctly - Patterns and anti-patterns for using CSS variables. Everything you need to know about CSS Variables - In depth article going beyond the basics of CSS Variables using real-world examples. Getting Reactive with CSS - Mindblowing talk about the possibilities of the combination of CSS variables and functional reactive programming in JavaScript. Layout Learn CSS Layout - Learn about CSS layout techniques in 5 chapters. Layout Land - Jen Simmons video series about the new CSS Layout possibilities. Laying Out The Future With Grid And Flexbox - Introduction of a new layout system encompassing Flexbox, CSS Grid and the Box Alignment Module. Classic layouting Floats - In depth information about how to use (and clear) floats. Positioning Types - A closer look at a few little-known things related to the CSS positioning layout method. inline-block - Shows in which cases it makes sense to use the display property inline-block for layouting. Flexbox A Complete Guide to Flexbox - All you need to know about Flexbox on one page. Flexbox playground - Play with Flexbox examples on CodePen. Flexbox Defense - A tower defense game in the browser to learn about Flexbox with fun. Flexbox Froggy - Learn all the basics of Flexbox with a fun game involving frogs and lily pads. Flexbugs - Community-curated list of flexbox issues and cross-browser workarounds for them. Flexbox Zombies - A training course driven by a storyline where you use Flexbox and a crossbow to hunt zombies. What the Flexbox? - A simple, free 20 video course that will help you master CSS Flexbox! Grid A Complete Guide to Grid - All you need to know about CSS Grid Layout on one page. Grid by Example - Besides examples of how to use Grid, this site also has additional useful learning resources. Designing with Grid - Talk about the new layout possibilities CSS Grid is offering. Grid Garden - Lovely game where you write CSS code to grow your carrot garden. GridBugs - Community-curated list of Grid interop issues and workarounds for them. Grid Critters - Learn CSS grid layout by mastering an adventure game. CSS Grid - Learn CSS grid with Wes Bos - Free 4 hours video course, 25 Videos. Animation CSS Transitions and Transforms for Beginners - An introduction to CSS transitions and CSS (2D) transforms. All you need to know about CSS Transitions - Also addressing advanced topics from chaining and events to hardware acceleration and animation functions. CSS 3D transforms - Multi page tutorial with examples like card flip and carousel effects. CSS Animation for Beginners - Imparts the concepts of CSS animations with keyframes. animatable - Nice little page demonstrating which CSS properties are animatable. Related Awesome JavaScript Learning - A tiny list limited to the best JavaScript learning resources. About A tiny list limited to the best CSS Learning Resources Topics css learning awesome resources awesome-list css-learning Resources Readme License View license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Custom properties Stars 3.6k stars Watchers 60 watching Forks 251 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 10 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.