GitHub - secretGeek/AwesomeCSV: A curated list of awesome tools for dealing with CSV. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert secretGeek / AwesomeCSV Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 68 Star 810 A curated list of awesome tools for dealing with CSV. License CC0-1.0 license 810 stars 68 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 14 Pull requests 3 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights secretGeek/AwesomeCSV masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History57 CommitsREADME.mdREADME.md README.md.generatedREADME.md.generated README.md.ntpREADME.md.ntp awesomecsv.csvawesomecsv.csv code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md licenselicense meta.ps1meta.ps1 View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome CSV A carefully curated list of CSV-related tools and resources CSV remains the most futuristic data format from the distant past. XML has risen and fallen. JSON is just a flash in the pan. YAML is a poisoned chalice. CSV will outlast them all. When the final cockroach breathes her last breath, her dying act will be to scratch her date of death in a CSV file for posterity. Contents Tools Repair or Validate CSV Treat CSV as SQL Convert to or from CSV CSV <-> JSON Essays Data Conferences Standards META: Other similar lists Code of Conduct Funtribute Footnotes Here are some awesome tools for dealing with CSV: Tools NimbleText/Live - Use patterns to manipulate CSV; the world's simplest code generator *. PapaParse - A powerful in-browser CSV parser. d3-dsv - d3.js parser and formatter module for delimiter-separated values. CSVKit - CSV utilities that includes csvsql / csvgrep / csvstat and more. QSV - A fast CSV command-line toolkit written in Rust, (an update to xsv). sed (gnu tool) - Stream editor. gawk (gnu tool) - Text processing and data extraction using awk. awk by example - Comprehensive examples of using awk. Miller - Like sed / awk / cut / join / sort etc for name-indexed data such as CSV. ParaText - CSV parsing at 2.5 GB per second. CSVGet - Get structured data from sites as CSV. CSVfix - A tool for manipulating CSV data. Tad - A fast free cross-platform CSV viewer. Nvd3-tags - A tiny library for making charts from csv data. Powershell: Import-CSV - Powerful in-built facility for dealing with CSV (example). CSV Tools - A collection of useful CSV utilities. graph-cli - Flexible command line tool to create graphs from CSV data. CSV to SQL - Online tool to create insert/update/delete etc from CSV data. C#: kbCSV - An efficient, easy to use .NET parsing and writing library for CSV. csvprintf - UNIX command line utility for parsing and formatting output based on CSV files. Ron's Data Edit (new modern version of Ron's CSV Editor) - Handles big files, does miraculous things. A timeless editor for a timeless format. Rainbow CSV plugins - Collection of text editor plugins for CSV/TSV syntax highlighting. Available for Vim, VS Code, Atom, Sublime Text and other editors. ExtendsClass - A simple CSV comparator. Mighty Merge - join/union csv files. Modern CSV - A tool for editing CSV files and viewing large files. Data Wrangler - Data Wrangler is a code-centric data cleaning tool that is integrated into VS Code and VS Code Jupyter Notebooks. Repair or Validate CSV Csvlint.go - Command line tool for validating CSV files against RFC 4180. csvstudio - A smart app to repair syntax errors in very large CSV files. scrubcsv - Remove bad records from a CSV file and normalize (requires rust) reconcile-csv - Find relationships between a set of related CSVs Generate Table Schema CSV Schema  Analyzes a CSV file and generates database table schema, all within the browser Wanted: More tools in this category. Treat CSV as SQL TextQL - Execute SQL against CSV or TSV. Datasette Facets - Faceted browse and a JSON API for any CSV File or SQLite DB. q - Run SQL Directly on CSV Files RBQL - Rainbow Query Language, a SQL-like language with JavaScript or Python backend. PSKit Query  Powershell module lets you run simple queries over objects, including imported with csv Convert to or from CSV CSV to Table - Convert CSV files to searchable and sortable HTML table. CSV <-> JSON Agnes - Two way Csv to Json **. csv2json - online tool to convert your CSV or TSV formatted data to JSON and vice versa. csv-to-json - Easy, privacy-friendly and offline-first online csv to json converter. Essays Once you've found the perfect data serialization file format, you stop looking David Wengier Thinking about CSV - Martin Fenner. In Praise of CSV - Waldo Jaquith. Stop Rolling Your Own CSV Parser! - Leon Bambrick ***. So You Want To Write Your Own CSV code? - Thomas Burette. Falsehoods Programmers Believe About CSVs - Jesse Donat. ASCII Delimited Text - Not CSV or TAB delimited text - Ronald Duncan. Generate Data Fake Name Generator - Generate fake names with other identity data in bulk for testing. Mockium - Test data generator for CSV / JSON / SQL / XML. Mockaroo - Random data generator for CSV / JSON / SQL / Excel. Data US Data.gov - 18789+ CSV datasets. Australian Government Open Data - 2715+ CSV datasets. Reference data in csv - Easy-to-use reference data in CSV and JSON formats. awesome-public-datasets - A topic-centric list of high-quality open datasets in public domains. United Nations data - Data from the UN Conferences csv,conf - A community conference for data makers everywhere. Standards The wonderful thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.(Possibly) Grace Hopper. RFC 4180 (html version) - "Common format and MIME Type for Comma-Separated Values (CSV) Files". Definition of the CSV Format MIME Type Registration of text/csv W3C: Model for Tabular Data and Metadata on the Web CSV Schema Language - A language for defining and validating CSV data. csv,specs - Comma-Separated Values (CSV) Format Specifications (and Tests) incl. CSV v1.0, CSV v1.1, CSV Strict, CSV <3 Numerics, CSV<3 JSON, CSV <3 YAML. Tabular Data Resource - A Data Resource specialized for describing tabular data like CSV files or spreadsheets CSVY - A standard for adding a YAML header to CSV files to describe their format META: Other similar lists structured-text-tools - List of command line tools for manipulating CSV / XML / HTML / JSON / INI etc. META-META - This list as CSV. META-META-META - A NimbleText pattern that produces this markdown page from this list as a CSV. Code of Conduct See Code of Conduct Funtribute To experience the fun of contributing, see Contributing Footnotes * I'm the author of NimbleText. Of course I put it first on the list. If I didn't personally rate it I wouldn't have spent so much time making and improving it. ** I wrote agnes but don't particularly endorse it for others to use (thus haven't migrated the source code to GitHub). It's slow and non-streaming. I'd go with papa-parse. On the plus side, agnes has a more comprehensive test suite and simpler api than most. *** Mine too. License To the extent possible under law, Leon Bambrick has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. About A curated list of awesome tools for dealing with CSV. Topics csv-converter awesome csv csv-files awesome-list csv-parser csv-data csv-json csv-standards csv-utilities csv-essays Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 810 stars Watchers 23 watching Forks 68 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 11 Languages PowerShell 100.0% Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.