GitHub - ucg8j/awesome-dash: A curated list of awesome Dash (plotly) resources Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert ucg8j / awesome-dash Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 263 Star 2.2k A curated list of awesome Dash (plotly) resources License CC0-1.0 license 2.2k stars 263 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 1 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights ucg8j/awesome-dash masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History151 CommitsLICENSELICENSE PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.mdPULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md README.mdREADME.md contributing.mdcontributing.md link_validator.pylink_validator.py logo.webplogo.webp query_githubquery_github query_pypiquery_pypi View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Dash A curated list of awesome Dash (plotly) resources Dash is a productive Python framework for building web applications. Written on top of Flask, Plotly.js, and React.js, Dash is ideal for building data visualization apps with highly custom user interfaces in pure Python. It's particularly suited for anyone who works with data in Python. Contents Deployment Tutorials Component Libraries App Examples Idiomatic examples Galleries Cheat sheets Talks Books Community Contributors Deployment Ploomber Cloud - The community plan allows free deployments Tutorials Introducing Plotly Dash - A high level introduction to Dash by Chris Parmer, the author of Dash. This essay was released as part of Dash's official launch (June 21, 2017). Plotly's tutorials - Part 1: App Layout Plotly's tutorials - Part 2: Interactivity Plotly's tutorials - Part 3: Interactive Graphing Plotly's tutorials - Part 4: Callbacks With State Charming Data YouTube channel - A channel dedicated to teaching Dash and Plotly with over 25k subscribers. Interactive Web-Based Dashboards in Python - How the MVC model pertains to Dash and a walkthrough of building an app. Using Plotly's Dash to deliver public sector decision support dashboards - Building a complex dashboard step-by-step. OPS CodeDay: Dash Plotly Map + Graph - How to use Jupyter notebooks in tandom with Dash to create mapping viz. Creating Interactive Visualizations with Plotly's Dash Framework - High level overview of how to get started with Dash. ARGO Labs - Plotly Dash Tutorial (Video) - Detailed introduction to creating interactive dashboards. Data Visualization GUIs with Dash and Python (Video playlist) - Five-part series exploring Dash features. Interactive Visualization of Machine Learning and Computer Vision with Dash - Official introduction video. Webinar: Converting React components to Dash components - Official tutorial about how to convert React components to Dash components. Interactive Image Processing with Dash-Canvas - Official introduction video to the Dash Canvas components. Dash Cytoscape Component - Official introduction video to the Dash Cytoscape components. An introduction to Dash DataTable - Official introduction video to the Dash DataTable components. Tutorial on creating custom Dash components with React.js. Component Libraries Dash PDF - Display inline PDFs Dash MUI - Material UI components Dash React Simple Maps - Create interactive maps Dash Mosaic - Display Mosaic plots Dash Tabler Icons - Beautiful icons for your Dash apps Dash React Syntax Highlighter - Display code snippets with a copy button Dash Canvas Components - Module for image annotation and image processing using Dash. Awesome React Components - Catalog of React.js components potentially interesting to be wrapped into Dash components. Awesome React - Helpful resources for developing React.js components. Dash Core Components Dash Cytoscape Component - Graph visualization component for creating easily customizable, high-performance, interactive, and web-based networks. Dash DataTable Component - Interactive table that supports rich styling, conditional formatting, editing, sorting, filtering, and more. Dash DAQ Components - Set of controls that make it simpler to integrate data acquisition and controls into your Dash applications. Dash HTML Components mydcc - Extension of Dash Core Components. sd-material-ui - StratoDem Analytics implementations of material-ui components for Dash. sd-range-slider - Range Slider Dash component. dj-plotly-dash - Plotly Dash fork for Django. dash-flexbox-grid - Wrapper around react-flexbox-grid for Plotly Dash. dash-color-picker - Wrapper around react-color. dash-dual-listbox - Wrapper around react-duallist. dash-bootstrap-components - Bootstrap components for Dash. dash-uploader - Upload component for Dash. Supports large data files. Dash Mantine Components - Collection of 40+ Dash components based on Mantine React Components library. plotly-resampler - Wrapper for plotly figures that adds data downsampling (aggregating) functionality, enabling the visualization of large datasets. dash-vega-components - Dash component for Vega-Altair, Vega-Lite, and Vega charts. App Examples Oil and Gas Explorer - Explore oil and gas production over time and with linked visualisations. Source Code. Uber Rides - Displays all of the Uber rides in New York City in 2014. Pandas on the backend filters a 0.5gig datafile. Source Code. Drug Discovery - Displays a description of the drug as you hover over points in the graph. Source Code. Live Wind Streaming - Continually queries a SQL database and displays live charts of wind speed and wind direction. Source Code. 3D Yield Curve - Adapted from NYTimes's excellent A 3-D View of a Chart That Predicts The Economic Future: The Yield Curve. Source Code. Visualize Earthquakes with Plotly Dash - Great UI and usage of geospatial analytics with Dash. Includes basic unit tests. Source Code. GutenSearch - Look inside the books of Project Gutenberg. Source Code. Idiomatic examples Dash recipes - A collection of scripts and examples created of the plotly team while answering questions from the greater Dash community. Galleries Dash Data Dashboards and Apps - Collection of data dashboards with real life data, for various topics, as well as a few apps for online marketing built with Dash. Dash Gallery - A collection of Dash apps. Talks Dash: Data exploration web apps in pure Python - Chelsea Douglas, PyData DC 2018. Overview of Dash - Chris Parmer, creator of Dash (SciPy 2017). We're Launching Dash - Chris Parmer, creator of Dash, speaking about the motivations behind Dash before it was launched (Plotcon NYC 2016). Plotly dash and data visualisation in Python, PyData, Berlin 2017 - Volodymyr Kazantsev (slides only). Cheat sheets plotly.py Cheat Sheet Community Plotly hosted Question and Answer community Stack Overflow Contributors Luke Singham Aly Sivji Chris Parmer Sergey Pikhovkin Pascal Bugnion Florian Kromer Elias Dabbas vaexio Fanchao MENG Snehil Vijay Eduardo Blancas License This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. About A curated list of awesome Dash (plotly) resources Topics python awesome plotly awesome-list Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 2.2k stars Watchers 52 watching Forks 263 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 18 + 4 contributors Languages Python 100.0% Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.