GitHub - academic/awesome-datascience: :memo: An awesome Data Science repository to learn and apply for real world problems. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert academic / awesome-datascience Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 6k Star 26.1k  An awesome Data Science repository to learn and apply for real world problems. License MIT license 26.1k stars 6k forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 1 Discussions Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Discussions Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights academic/awesome-datascience liveBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History1,110 Commits.github.github assetsassets .gitignore.gitignore .travis.yml.travis.yml CNAMECNAME CODE_OF_CONDUCT.mdCODE_OF_CONDUCT.md LICENSELICENSE OWNERSOWNERS README.mdREADME.md mlc_config.jsonmlc_config.json View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductMIT license AWESOME DATA SCIENCE An open-source Data Science repository to learn and apply towards solving real world problems. This is a shortcut path to start studying Data Science. Just follow the steps to answer the questions, "What is Data Science and what should I study to learn Data Science?" Sponsors Sponsor Pitch --- Be the first to sponsor! github@academic.io Table of Contents What is Data Science? Where do I Start? Training Resources Tutorials Free Courses Massively Open Online Courses Intensive Programs Colleges The Data Science Toolbox Algorithms Supervised Learning Unsupervised Learning Semi-Supervised Learning Reinforcement Learning Data Mining Algorithms Deep Learning Architectures General Machine Learning Packages Deep Learning Packages PyTorch Ecosystem TensorFlow Ecosystem Keras Ecosystem Visualization Tools Miscellaneous Tools Literature and Media Books Book Deals (Affiliated) Journals, Publications, and Magazines Newsletters Bloggers Presentations Podcasts YouTube Videos & Channels Socialize Facebook Accounts Twitter Accounts Telegram Channels Slack Communities GitHub Groups Data Science Competitions Fun Infographics Datasets Comics Other Awesome Lists Hobby What is Data Science? ^ back to top ^ Data Science is one of the hottest topics on the Computer and Internet farmland nowadays. People have gathered data from applications and systems until today and now is the time to analyze them. The next steps are producing suggestions from the data and creating predictions about the future. Here you can find the biggest question for Data Science and hundreds of answers from experts. Link Preview What is Data Science @ O'reilly Data scientists combine entrepreneurship with patience, the willingness to build data products incrementally, the ability to explore, and the ability to iterate over a solution. They are inherently interdisciplinary. They can tackle all aspects of a problem, from initial data collection and data conditioning to drawing conclusions. They can think outside the box to come up with new ways to view the problem, or to work with very broadly defined problems: heres a lot of data, what can you make from it? What is Data Science @ Quora Data Science is a combination of a number of aspects of Data such as Technology, Algorithm development, and data interference to study the data, analyse it, and find innovative solutions to difficult problems. Basically Data Science is all about Analysing data and driving for business growth by finding creative ways. The sexiest job of 21st century Data scientists today are akin to Wall Street quants of the 1980s and 1990s. In those days people with backgrounds in physics and math streamed to investment banks and hedge funds, where they could devise entirely new algorithms and data strategies. Then a variety of universities developed masters programs in financial engineering, which churned out a second generation of talent that was more accessible to mainstream firms. The pattern was repeated later in the 1990s with search engineers, whose rarefied skills soon came to be taught in computer science programs. Wikipedia Data science is an interdisciplinary field that uses scientific methods, processes, algorithms and systems to extract knowledge and insights from many structural and unstructured data. Data science is related to data mining, machine learning and big data. How to Become a Data Scientist Data scientists are big data wranglers, gathering and analyzing large sets of structured and unstructured data. A data scientists role combines computer science, statistics, and mathematics. They analyze, process, and model data then interpret the results to create actionable plans for companies and other organizations. a very short history of #datascience The story of how data scientists became sexy is mostly the story of the coupling of the mature discipline of statistics with a very young one--computer science. The term Data Science has emerged only recently to specifically designate a new profession that is expected to make sense of the vast stores of big data. But making sense of data has a long history and has been discussed by scientists, statisticians, librarians, computer scientists and others for years. The following timeline traces the evolution of the term Data Science and its use, attempts to define it, and related terms. Software Development Resources for Data Scientists Data scientists concentrate on making sense of data through exploratory analysis, statistics, and models. Software developers apply a separate set of knowledge with different tools. Although their focus may seem unrelated, data science teams can benefit from adopting software development best practices. Version control, automated testing, and other dev skills help create reproducible, production-ready code and tools. Data Scientist Roadmap Data science is an excellent career choice in todays data-driven world where approx 328.77 million terabytes of data are generated daily. And this number is only increasing day by day, which in turn increases the demand for skilled data scientists who can utilize this data to drive business growth. Navigating Your Path to Becoming a Data Scientist _Data science is one of the most in-demand careers today. With businesses increasingly relying on data to make decisions, the need for skilled data scientists has grown rapidly. Whether its tech companies, healthcare organizations, or even government institutions, data scientists play a crucial role in turning raw data into valuable insights. But how do you become a data scientist, especially if youre just starting out? _ Where do I Start? ^ back to top ^ While not strictly necessary, having a programming language is a crucial skill to be effective as a data scientist. Currently, the most popular language is Python, closely followed by R. Python is a general-purpose scripting language that sees applications in a wide variety of fields. R is a domain-specific language for statistics, which contains a lot of common statistics tools out of the box. Python is by far the most popular language in science, due in no small part to the ease at which it can be used and the vibrant ecosystem of user-generated packages. To install packages, there are two main methods: Pip (invoked as pip install), the package manager that comes bundled with Python, and Anaconda (invoked as conda install), a powerful package manager that can install packages for Python, R, and can download executables like Git. Unlike R, Python was not built from the ground up with data science in mind, but there are plenty of third party libraries to make up for this. A much more exhaustive list of packages can be found later in this document, but these four packages are a good set of choices to start your data science journey with: Scikit-Learn is a general-purpose data science package which implements the most popular algorithms - it also includes rich documentation, tutorials, and examples of the models it implements. Even if you prefer to write your own implementations, Scikit-Learn is a valuable reference to the nuts-and-bolts behind many of the common algorithms you'll find. With Pandas, one can collect and analyze their data into a convenient table format. Numpy provides very fast tooling for mathematical operations, with a focus on vectors and matrices. Seaborn, itself based on the Matplotlib package, is a quick way to generate beautiful visualizations of your data, with many good defaults available out of the box, as well as a gallery showing how to produce many common visualizations of your data. When embarking on your journey to becoming a data scientist, the choice of language isn't particularly important, and both Python and R have their pros and cons. Pick a language you like, and check out one of the Free courses we've listed below! Real World ^ back to top ^ Data science is a powerful tool that is utilized in various fields to solve real-world problems by extracting insights and patterns from complex data. Disaster ^ back to top ^ deprem-ml AYA: Ak Yazlm A (+25k developers) is trying to help disaster response using artificial intelligence. Everything is open-sourced afet.org. Training Resources ^ back to top ^ How do you learn data science? By doing data science, of course! Okay, okay - that might not be particularly helpful when you're first starting out. In this section, we've listed some learning resources, in rough order from least to greatest commitment - Tutorials, Massively Open Online Courses (MOOCs), Intensive Programs, and Colleges. Tutorials ^ back to top ^ 1000 Data Science Projects you can run on the browser with IPython. #tidytuesday A weekly data project aimed at the R ecosystem. Data science your way PySpark Cheatsheet Machine Learning, Data Science and Deep Learning with Python Your Guide to Latent Dirichlet Allocation Tutorials of source code from the book Genetic Algorithms with Python by Clinton Sheppard Tutorials to get started on signal processing for machine learning Realtime deployment Tutorial on Python time-series model deployment. Python for Data Science: A Beginners Guide Minimum Viable Study Plan for Machine Learning Interviews Understand and Know Machine Learning Engineering by Building Solid Projects 12 free Data Science projects to practice Python and Pandas Best CV/Resume for Data Science Freshers Understand Data Science Course in Java Data Analytics Interview Questions (Beginner to Advanced) Top 100+ Data Science Interview Questions and Answers Free Courses ^ back to top ^ Data Scientist with R Data Scientist with Python Genetic Algorithms OCW Course AI Expert Roadmap - Roadmap to becoming an Artificial Intelligence Expert Convex Optimization - Convex Optimization (basics of convex analysis; least-squares, linear and quadratic programs, semidefinite programming, minimax, extremal volume, and other problems; optimality conditions, duality theory...) Learning from Data - Introduction to machine learning covering basic theory, algorithms and applications Kaggle - Learn about Data Science, Machine Learning, Python etc ML Observability Fundamentals - Learn how to monitor and root-cause production ML issues. Weights & Biases Effective MLOps: Model Development - Free Course and Certification for building an end-to-end machine using W&B Python for Data Science by Scaler - This course is designed to empower beginners with the essential skills to excel in today's data-driven world. The comprehensive curriculum will give you a solid foundation in statistics, programming, data visualization, and machine learning. MLSys-NYU-2022 - Slides, scripts and materials for the Machine Learning in Finance course at NYU Tandon, 2022. Hands-on Train and Deploy ML - A hands-on course to train and deploy a serverless API that predicts crypto prices. LLMOps: Building Real-World Applications With Large Language Models - Learn to build modern software with LLMs using the newest tools and techniques in the field. Prompt Engineering for Vision Models - Learn to prompt cutting-edge computer vision models with natural language, coordinate points, bounding boxes, segmentation masks, and even other images in this free course from DeepLearning.AI. Data Science Course By IBM - Free resources and learn what data science is and how its used in different industries. MOOC's ^ back to top ^ Coursera Introduction to Data Science Data Science - 9 Steps Courses, A Specialization on Coursera Data Mining - 5 Steps Courses, A Specialization on Coursera Machine Learning  5 Steps Courses, A Specialization on Coursera CS 109 Data Science OpenIntro CS 171 Visualization Process Mining: Data science in Action Oxford Deep Learning Oxford Deep Learning - video Oxford Machine Learning UBC Machine Learning - video Data Science Specialization Coursera Big Data Specialization Statistical Thinking for Data Science and Analytics by Edx Cognitive Class AI by IBM Udacity - Deep Learning Keras in Motion Microsoft Professional Program for Data Science COMP3222/COMP6246 - Machine Learning Technologies CS 231 - Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition Coursera Tensorflow in practice Coursera Deep Learning Specialization 365 Data Science Course Coursera Natural Language Processing Specialization Coursera GAN Specialization Codecademy's Data Science Linear Algebra - Linear Algebra course by Gilbert Strang A 2020 Vision of Linear Algebra (G. Strang) Python for Data Science Foundation Course Data Science: Statistics & Machine Learning Machine Learning Engineering for Production (MLOps) Recommender Systems Specialization from University of Minnesota is an intermediate/advanced level specialization focused on Recommender System on the Coursera platform. Stanford Artificial Intelligence Professional Program Data Scientist with Python Programming with Julia Scaler Data Science & Machine Learning Program Data Science Skill Tree Data Science for Beginners - Learn with AI tutor Machine Learning for Beginners - Learn with AI tutor Intensive Programs ^ back to top ^ S2DS Colleges ^ back to top ^ A list of colleges and universities offering degrees in data science. Data Science Degree @ Berkeley Data Science Degree @ UVA Data Science Degree @ Wisconsin BS in Data Science & Applications MS in Computer Information Systems @ Boston University MS in Business Analytics @ ASU Online MS in Applied Data Science @ Syracuse M.S. Management & Data Science @ Leuphana Master of Data Science @ Melbourne University Msc in Data Science @ The University of Edinburgh Master of Management Analytics @ Queen's University Master of Data Science @ Illinois Institute of Technology Master of Applied Data Science @ The University of Michigan Master Data Science and Artificial Intelligence @ Eindhoven University of Technology Master's Degree in Data Science and Computer Engineering @ University of Granada The Data Science Toolbox ^ back to top ^ This section is a collection of packages, tools, algorithms, and other useful items in the data science world. Algorithms ^ back to top ^ These are some Machine Learning and Data Mining algorithms and models help you to understand your data and derive meaning from it. Three kinds of Machine Learning Systems Based on training with human supervision Based on learning incrementally on fly Based on data points comparison and pattern detection Comparison datacompy - DataComPy is a package to compare two Pandas DataFrames. Supervised Learning Regression Linear Regression Ordinary Least Squares Logistic Regression Stepwise Regression Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines Softmax Regression Locally Estimated Scatterplot Smoothing Classification k-nearest neighbor Support Vector Machines Decision Trees ID3 algorithm C4.5 algorithm Ensemble Learning Boosting Stacking Bagging Random Forest AdaBoost Unsupervised Learning Clustering Hierchical clustering k-means Density-based clustering Fuzzy clustering Mixture models Dimension Reduction Principal Component Analysis (PCA) t-SNE; t-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding Factor Analysis Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) Neural Networks Self-organizing map Adaptive resonance theory Hidden Markov Models (HMM) Semi-Supervised Learning S3VM Clustering Generative models Low-density separation Laplacian regularization Heuristic approaches Reinforcement Learning Q Learning SARSA (State-Action-Reward-State-Action) algorithm Temporal difference learning Data Mining Algorithms C4.5 k-Means SVM (Support Vector Machine) Apriori EM (Expectation-Maximization) PageRank AdaBoost KNN (K-Nearest Neighbors) Naive Bayes CART (Classification and Regression Trees) Deep Learning architectures Multilayer Perceptron Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) Boltzmann Machines Autoencoder Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) Self-Organized Maps Transformer Conditional Random Field (CRF) ML System Designs) General Machine Learning Packages ^ back to top ^ scikit-learn scikit-multilearn sklearn-expertsys scikit-feature scikit-rebate seqlearn sklearn-bayes sklearn-crfsuite sklearn-deap sigopt_sklearn sklearn-evaluation scikit-image scikit-opt scikit-posthocs pystruct Shogun xLearn cuML causalml mlpack MLxtend modAL Sparkit-learn hyperlearn dlib imodels RuleFit pyGAM Deepchecks scikit-survival interpretable XGBoost LightGBM CatBoost PerpetualBooster JAX Deep Learning Packages PyTorch Ecosystem PyTorch torchvision torchtext torchaudio ignite PyTorchNet PyToune skorch PyVarInf pytorch_geometric GPyTorch pyro Catalyst pytorch_tabular Yolov3 Yolov5 Yolov8 TensorFlow Ecosystem TensorFlow TensorLayer TFLearn Sonnet tensorpack TRFL Polyaxon NeuPy tfdeploy tensorflow-upstream TensorFlow Fold tensorlm TensorLight Mesh TensorFlow Ludwig TF-Agents TensorForce Keras Ecosystem Keras keras-contrib Hyperas Elephas Hera Spektral qkeras keras-rl Talos Visualization Tools ^ back to top ^ altair amcharts anychart bokeh Comet slemma cartodb Cube d3plus Data-Driven Documents(D3js) dygraphs exhibit gephi ggplot2 Glue Google Chart Gallery highcarts import.io Matplotlib nvd3 Netron Openrefine plot.ly raw Resseract Lite Seaborn techanjs Timeline variancecharts vida vizzu Wrangler r2d3 NetworkX Redash C3 TensorWatch geomap Dash Miscellaneous Tools ^ back to top ^ Link Description The Data Science Lifecycle Process The Data Science Lifecycle Process is a process for taking data science teams from Idea to Value repeatedly and sustainably. The process is documented in this repo Data Science Lifecycle Template Repo Template repository for data science lifecycle project RexMex A general purpose recommender metrics library for fair evaluation. ChemicalX A PyTorch based deep learning library for drug pair scoring. PyTorch Geometric Temporal Representation learning on dynamic graphs. Little Ball of Fur A graph sampling library for NetworkX with a Scikit-Learn like API. Karate Club An unsupervised machine learning extension library for NetworkX with a Scikit-Learn like API. ML Workspace All-in-one web-based IDE for machine learning and data science. The workspace is deployed as a Docker container and is preloaded with a variety of popular data science libraries (e.g., Tensorflow, PyTorch) and dev tools (e.g., Jupyter, VS Code) Neptune.ai Community-friendly platform supporting data scientists in creating and sharing machine learning models. Neptune facilitates teamwork, infrastructure management, models comparison and reproducibility. steppy Lightweight, Python library for fast and reproducible machine learning experimentation. Introduces very simple interface that enables clean machine learning pipeline design. steppy-toolkit Curated collection of the neural networks, transformers and models that make your machine learning work faster and more effective. Datalab from Google easily explore, visualize, analyze, and transform data using familiar languages, such as Python and SQL, interactively. Hortonworks Sandbox is a personal, portable Hadoop environment that comes with a dozen interactive Hadoop tutorials. R is a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. Tidyverse is an opinionated collection of R packages designed for data science. All packages share an underlying design philosophy, grammar, and data structures. RStudio IDE  powerful user interface for R. Its free and open source, and works on Windows, Mac, and Linux. Python - Pandas - Anaconda Completely free enterprise-ready Python distribution for large-scale data processing, predictive analytics, and scientific computing Pandas GUI Pandas GUI Scikit-Learn Machine Learning in Python NumPy NumPy is fundamental for scientific computing with Python. It supports large, multi-dimensional arrays and matrices and includes an assortment of high-level mathematical functions to operate on these arrays. Vaex Vaex is a Python library that allows you to visualize large datasets and calculate statistics at high speeds. SciPy SciPy works with NumPy arrays and provides efficient routines for numerical integration and optimization. Data Science Toolbox Coursera Course Data Science Toolbox Blog Wolfram Data Science Platform Take numerical, textual, image, GIS or other data and give it the Wolfram treatment, carrying out a full spectrum of data science analysis and visualization and automatically generate rich interactive reportsall powered by the revolutionary knowledge-based Wolfram Language. Datadog Solutions, code, and devops for high-scale data science. Variance Build powerful data visualizations for the web without writing JavaScript Kite Development Kit The Kite Software Development Kit (Apache License, Version 2.0), or Kite for short, is a set of libraries, tools, examples, and documentation focused on making it easier to build systems on top of the Hadoop ecosystem. Domino Data Labs Run, scale, share, and deploy your models  without any infrastructure or setup. Apache Flink A platform for efficient, distributed, general-purpose data processing. Apache Hama Apache Hama is an Apache Top-Level open source project, allowing you to do advanced analytics beyond MapReduce. Weka Weka is a collection of machine learning algorithms for data mining tasks. Octave GNU Octave is a high-level interpreted language, primarily intended for numerical computations.(Free Matlab) Apache Spark Lightning-fast cluster computing Hydrosphere Mist a service for exposing Apache Spark analytics jobs and machine learning models as realtime, batch or reactive web services. Data Mechanics A data science and engineering platform making Apache Spark more developer-friendly and cost-effective. Caffe Deep Learning Framework Torch A SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING FRAMEWORK FOR LUAJIT Nervana's python based Deep Learning Framework Intel Nervana reference deep learning framework committed to best performance on all hardware. Skale High performance distributed data processing in NodeJS Aerosolve A machine learning package built for humans. Intel framework Intel Deep Learning Framework Datawrapper An open source data visualization platform helping everyone to create simple, correct and embeddable charts. Also at github.com Tensor Flow TensorFlow is an Open Source Software Library for Machine Intelligence Natural Language Toolkit An introductory yet powerful toolkit for natural language processing and classification Annotation Lab Free End-to-End No-Code platform for text annotation and DL model training/tuning. Out-of-the-box support for Named Entity Recognition, Classification, Relation extraction and Assertion Status Spark NLP models. Unlimited support for users, teams, projects, documents. nlp-toolkit for node.js This module covers some basic nlp principles and implementations. The main focus is performance. When we deal with sample or training data in nlp, we quickly run out of memory. Therefore every implementation in this module is written as stream to only hold that data in memory that is currently processed at any step. Julia high-level, high-performance dynamic programming language for technical computing IJulia a Julia-language backend combined with the Jupyter interactive environment Apache Zeppelin Web-based notebook that enables data-driven, interactive data analytics and collaborative documents with SQL, Scala and more Featuretools An open source framework for automated feature engineering written in python Optimus Cleansing, pre-processing, feature engineering, exploratory data analysis and easy ML with PySpark backend. Albumentations  fast and framework agnostic image augmentation library that implements a diverse set of augmentation techniques. Supports classification, segmentation, and detection out of the box. Was used to win a number of Deep Learning competitions at Kaggle, Topcoder and those that were a part of the CVPR workshops. DVC An open-source data science version control system. It helps track, organize and make data science projects reproducible. In its very basic scenario it helps version control and share large data and model files. Lambdo is a workflow engine that significantly simplifies data analysis by combining in one analysis pipeline (i) feature engineering and machine learning (ii) model training and prediction (iii) table population and column evaluation. Feast A feature store for the management, discovery, and access of machine learning features. Feast provides a consistent view of feature data for both model training and model serving. Polyaxon A platform for reproducible and scalable machine learning and deep learning. UBIAI Easy-to-use text annotation tool for teams with most comprehensive auto-annotation features. Supports NER, relations and document classification as well as OCR annotation for invoice labeling Trains Auto-Magical Experiment Manager, Version Control & DevOps for AI Hopsworks Open-source data-intensive machine learning platform with a feature store. Ingest and manage features for both online (MySQL Cluster) and offline (Apache Hive) access, train and serve models at scale. MindsDB MindsDB is an Explainable AutoML framework for developers. With MindsDB you can build, train and use state of the art ML models in as simple as one line of code. Lightwood A Pytorch based framework that breaks down machine learning problems into smaller blocks that can be glued together seamlessly with an objective to build predictive models with one line of code. AWS Data Wrangler An open-source Python package that extends the power of Pandas library to AWS connecting DataFrames and AWS data related services (Amazon Redshift, AWS Glue, Amazon Athena, Amazon EMR, etc). Amazon Rekognition AWS Rekognition is a service that lets developers working with Amazon Web Services add image analysis to their applications. Catalog assets, automate workflows, and extract meaning from your media and applications. Amazon Textract Automatically extract printed text, handwriting, and data from any document. Amazon Lookout for Vision Spot product defects using computer vision to automate quality inspection. Identify missing product components, vehicle and structure damage, and irregularities for comprehensive quality control. Amazon CodeGuru Automate code reviews and optimize application performance with ML-powered recommendations. CML An open source toolkit for using continuous integration in data science projects. Automatically train and test models in production-like environments with GitHub Actions & GitLab CI, and autogenerate visual reports on pull/merge requests. Dask An open source Python library to painlessly transition your analytics code to distributed computing systems (Big Data) Statsmodels A Python-based inferential statistics, hypothesis testing and regression framework Gensim An open-source library for topic modeling of natural language text spaCy A performant natural language processing toolkit Grid Studio Grid studio is a web-based spreadsheet application with full integration of the Python programming language. Python Data Science Handbook Python Data Science Handbook: full text in Jupyter Notebooks Shapley A data-driven framework to quantify the value of classifiers in a machine learning ensemble. DAGsHub A platform built on open source tools for data, model and pipeline management. Deepnote A new kind of data science notebook. Jupyter-compatible, with real-time collaboration and running in the cloud. Valohai An MLOps platform that handles machine orchestration, automatic reproducibility and deployment. PyMC3 A Python Library for Probabalistic Programming (Bayesian Inference and Machine Learning) PyStan Python interface to Stan (Bayesian inference and modeling) hmmlearn Unsupervised learning and inference of Hidden Markov Models Chaos Genius ML powered analytics engine for outlier/anomaly detection and root cause analysis Nimblebox A full-stack MLOps platform designed to help data scientists and machine learning practitioners around the world discover, create, and launch multi-cloud apps from their web browser. Towhee A Python library that helps you encode your unstructured data into embeddings. LineaPy Ever been frustrated with cleaning up long, messy Jupyter notebooks? With LineaPy, an open source Python library, it takes as little as two lines of code to transform messy development code into production pipelines. envd  machine learning development environment for data science and AI/ML engineering teams Explore Data Science Libraries A search engine  tool to discover & find a curated list of popular & new libraries, top authors, trending project kits, discussions, tutorials & learning resources MLEM  Version and deploy your ML models following GitOps principles MLflow MLOps framework for managing ML models across their full lifecycle cleanlab Python library for data-centric AI and automatically detecting various issues in ML datasets AutoGluon AutoML to easily produce accurate predictions for image, text, tabular, time-series, and multi-modal data Arize AI Arize AI community tier observability tool for monitoring machine learning models in production and root-causing issues such as data quality and performance drift. Aureo.io Aureo.io is a low-code platform that focuses on building artificial intelligence. It provides users with the capability to create pipelines, automations and integrate them with artificial intelligence models  all with their basic data. ERD Lab Free cloud based entity relationship diagram (ERD) tool made for developers. Arize-Phoenix MLOps in a notebook - uncover insights, surface problems, monitor, and fine tune your models. Comet An MLOps platform with experiment tracking, model production management, a model registry, and full data lineage to support your ML workflow from training straight through to production. Opik Evaluate, test, and ship LLM applications across your dev and production lifecycles. Synthical AI-powered collaborative environment for research. Find relevant papers, create collections to manage bibliography, and summarize content  all in one place teeplot Workflow tool to automatically organize data visualization output Streamlit App framework for Machine Learning and Data Science projects Gradio Create customizable UI components around machine learning models Weights & Biases Experiment tracking, dataset versioning, and model management DVC Open-source version control system for machine learning projects Optuna Automatic hyperparameter optimization software framework Ray Tune Scalable hyperparameter tuning library Apache Airflow Platform to programmatically author, schedule, and monitor workflows Prefect Workflow management system for modern data stacks Kedro Open-source Python framework for creating reproducible, maintainable data science code Hamilton Lightweight library to author and manage reliable data transformations SHAP Game theoretic approach to explain the output of any machine learning model LIME Explaining the predictions of any machine learning classifier flyte Workflow automation platform for machine learning dbt Data build tool SHAP Game theoretic approach to explain the output of any machine learning model LIME Explaining the predictions of any machine learning classifier zasper Supercharged IDE for Data Science Literature and Media ^ back to top ^ This section includes some additional reading material, channels to watch, and talks to listen to. Books ^ back to top ^ Data Science From Scratch: First Principles with Python Artificial Intelligence with Python - Tutorialspoint Machine Learning from Scratch Probabilistic Machine Learning: An Introduction How to Lead in Data Science - Early Access Fighting Churn With Data Data Science at Scale with Python and Dask Python Data Science Handbook The Data Science Handbook: Advice and Insights from 25 Amazing Data Scientists Think Like a Data Scientist Introducing Data Science Practical Data Science with R Everyday Data Science & (cheaper PDF version) Exploring Data Science - free eBook sampler Exploring the Data Jungle - free eBook sampler Classic Computer Science Problems in Python Math for Programmers Early access R in Action, Third Edition Early Access Data Science Bookcamp Early access Data Science Thinking: The Next Scientific, Technological and Economic Revolution Applied Data Science: Lessons Learned for the Data-Driven Business The Data Science Handbook Essential Natural Language Processing - Early access Mining Massive Datasets - free e-book comprehended by an online course Pandas in Action - Early access Genetic Algorithms and Genetic Programming Advances in Evolutionary Algorithms - Free Download Genetic Programming: New Approaches and Successful Applications - Free Download Evolutionary Algorithms - Free Download Advances in Genetic Programming, Vol. 3 - Free Download Genetic Algorithms and Evolutionary Computation - Free Download Convex Optimization - Convex Optimization book by Stephen Boyd - Free Download Data Analysis with Python and PySpark - Early Access R for Data Science Build a Career in Data Science Machine Learning Bookcamp - Early access Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow, 2nd Edition Effective Data Science Infrastructure Practical MLOps: How to Get Ready for Production Models Data Analysis with Python and PySpark Regression, a Friendly guide - Early Access Streaming Systems: The What, Where, When, and How of Large-Scale Data Processing Data Science at the Command Line: Facing the Future with Time-Tested Tools Machine Learning with Python - Tutorialspoint Deep Learning Designing Cloud Data Platforms - Early Access An Introduction to Statistical Learning with Applications in R The Elements of Statistical Learning: Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction Deep Learning with PyTorch Neural Networks and Deep Learning Deep Learning Cookbook Introduction to Machine Learning with Python Artificial Intelligence: Foundations of Computational Agents, 2nd Edition - Free HTML version The Quest for Artificial Intelligence: A History of Ideas and Achievements - Free Download Graph Algorithms for Data Science - Early Access Data Mesh in Action - Early Access Julia for Data Analysis - Early Access Casual Inference for Data Science - Early Access Regular Expression Puzzles and AI Coding Assistants by David Mertz Dive into Deep Learning Data for All Interpretable Machine Learning: A Guide for Making Black Box Models Explainable - Free GitHub version Foundations of Data Science Free Download Comet for DataScience: Enhance your ability to manage and optimize the life cycle of your data science project Software Engineering for Data Scientists - Early Access Julia for Data Science - Early Access An Introduction to Statistical Learning - Download Page Machine Learning For Absolute Beginners Unifying Business, Data, and Code: Designing Data Products with JSON Schema Book Deals (Affiliated) eBook sale - Save up to 45% on eBooks! Causal Machine Learning Managing ML Projects Causal Inference for Data Science Data for All Journals, Publications and Magazines ^ back to top ^ ICML - International Conference on Machine Learning GECCO - The Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference (GECCO) epjdatascience Journal of Data Science - an international journal devoted to applications of statistical methods at large Big Data Research Journal of Big Data Big Data & Society Data Science Journal datatau.com/news - Like Hacker News, but for data Data Science Trello Board Medium Data Science Topic - Data Science related publications on medium Towards Data Science Genetic Algorithm Topic -Genetic Algorithm related Publications towards Data Science Newsletters ^ back to top ^ DataTalks.Club. A weekly newsletter about data-related things. Archive. The Analytics Engineering Roundup. A newsletter about data science. Archive. Bloggers ^ back to top ^ Wes McKinney - Wes McKinney Archives. Matthew Russell - Mining The Social Web. Greg Reda - Greg Reda Personal Blog Kevin Davenport - Kevin Davenport Personal Blog Julia Evans - Recurse Center alumna Hakan Kardas - Personal Web Page Sean J. Taylor - Personal Web Page Drew Conway - Personal Web Page Hilary Mason - Personal Web Page Noah Iliinsky - Personal Blog Matt Harrison - Personal Blog Vamshi Ambati - AllThings Data Sciene Prash Chan - Tech Blog on Master Data Management And Every Buzz Surrounding It Clare Corthell - The Open Source Data Science Masters Datawrangling by Peter Skomoroch. MACHINE LEARNING, DATA MINING, AND MORE Quora Data Science - Data Science Questions and Answers from experts Siah a PhD student at Berkeley Louis Dorard a technology guy with a penchant for the web and for data, big and small Machine Learning Mastery about helping professional programmers confidently apply machine learning algorithms to address complex problems. Daniel Forsyth - Personal Blog Data Science Weekly - Weekly News Blog Revolution Analytics - Data Science Blog R Bloggers - R Bloggers The Practical Quant Big data Yet Another Data Blog Yet Another Data Blog Spenczar a data scientist at Twitch. I handle the whole data pipeline, from tracking to model-building to reporting. KD Nuggets Data Mining, Analytics, Big Data, Data, Science not a blog a portal Meta Brown - Personal Blog Data Scientist is building the data scientist culture. WhatSTheBigData is some of, all of, or much more than the above and this blog explores its impact on information technology, the business world, government agencies, and our lives. Tevfik Kosar - Magnus Notitia New Data Scientist How a Social Scientist Jumps into the World of Big Data Harvard Data Science - Thoughts on Statistical Computing and Visualization Data Science 101 - Learning To Be A Data Scientist Kaggle Past Solutions DataScientistJourney NYC Taxi Visualization Blog Data-Mania Data-Magnum datascopeanalytics Digital transformation datascientistjourney Data Mania Blog - The File Drawer - Chris Said's science blog Emilio Ferrara's web page DataNews Reddit TextMining Periscopic Hilary Parker Data Stories Data Science Lab Meaning of Adventures in Data Land Dataclysm FlowingData - Visualization and Statistics Calculated Risk O'reilly Learning Blog Dominodatalab i am trask - A Machine Learning Craftsmanship Blog Vademecum of Practical Data Science - Handbook and recipes for data-driven solutions of real-world problems Dataconomy - A blog on the newly emerging data economy Springboard - A blog with resources for data science learners Analytics Vidhya - A full-fledged website about data science and analytics study material. Occam's Razor - Focused on Web Analytics. Data School - Data science tutorials for beginners! Colah's Blog - Blog for understanding Neural Networks! Sebastian's Blog - Blog for NLP and transfer learning! Distill - Dedicated to clear explanations of machine learning! Chris Albon's Website - Data Science and AI notes Andrew Carr - Data Science with Esoteric programming languages floydhub - Blog for Evolutionary Algorithms Jingles - Review and extract key concepts from academic papers nbshare - Data Science notebooks Loic Tetrel - Data science blog Chip Huyen's Blog - ML Engineering, MLOps, and the use of ML in startups Maria Khalusova - Data science blog Aditi Rastogi - ML,DL,Data Science blog Santiago Basulto - Data Science with Python Akhil Soni - ML, DL and Data Science Akhil Soni - ML, DL and Data Science Presentations ^ back to top ^ How to Become a Data Scientist Introduction to Data Science Intro to Data Science for Enterprise Big Data How to Interview a Data Scientist How to Share Data with a Statistician The Science of a Great Career in Data Science What Does a Data Scientist Do? Building Data Start-Ups: Fast, Big, and Focused How to win data science competitions with Deep Learning Full-Stack Data Scientist Podcasts ^ back to top ^ AI at Home AI Today Adversarial Learning Chai time Data Science Data Engineering Podcast Data Science at Home Data Science Mixer Data Skeptic Data Stories Datacast DataFramed DataTalks.Club Gradient Descent Learning Machines 101 Let's Data (Brazil) Linear Digressions Not So Standard Deviations O'Reilly Data Show Podcast Partially Derivative Superdatascience The Data Engineering Show The Radical AI Podcast What's The Point The Analytics Engineering Podcast YouTube Videos & Channels ^ back to top ^ What is machine learning? Andrew Ng: Deep Learning, Self-Taught Learning and Unsupervised Feature Learning Data36 - Data Science for Beginners by Tomi Mester Deep Learning: Intelligence from Big Data Interview with Google's AI and Deep Learning 'Godfather' Geoffrey Hinton Introduction to Deep Learning with Python What is machine learning, and how does it work? Data School - Data Science Education Neural Nets for Newbies by Melanie Warrick (May 2015) Neural Networks video series by Hugo Larochelle Google DeepMind co-founder Shane Legg - Machine Super Intelligence Data Science Primer Data Science with Genetic Algorithms Data Science for Beginners DataTalks.Club Mildlyoverfitted - Tutorials on intermediate ML/DL topics mlops.community - Interviews of industry experts about production ML ML Street Talk - Unabashedly technical and non-commercial, so you will hear no annoying pitches. Neural networks by 3Blue1Brown Neural networks from scratch by Sentdex Manning Publications YouTube channel Ask Dr Chong: How to Lead in Data Science - Part 1 Ask Dr Chong: How to Lead in Data Science - Part 2 Ask Dr Chong: How to Lead in Data Science - Part 3 Ask Dr Chong: How to Lead in Data Science - Part 4 Ask Dr Chong: How to Lead in Data Science - Part 5 Ask Dr Chong: How to Lead in Data Science - Part 6 Regression Models: Applying simple Poisson regression Deep Learning Architectures Time Series Modelling and Analysis Socialize ^ back to top ^ Below are some Social Media links. Connect with other data scientists! Facebook Accounts Twitter Accounts Telegram Channels Slack Communities GitHub Groups Data Science Competitions Facebook Accounts ^ back to top ^ Data Big Data Scientist Data Science Day Data Science Academy Facebook Data Science Page Data Science London Data Science Technology and Corporation Data Science - Closed Group Center for Data Science Big data hadoop NOSQL Hive Hbase Analytics, Data Mining, Predictive Modeling, Artificial Intelligence Big Data Analytics using R Big Data Analytics with R and Hadoop Big Data Learnings Big Data, Data Science, Data Mining & Statistics BigData/Hadoop Expert Data Mining / Machine Learning / AI Data Mining/Big Data - Social Network Ana Vademecum of Practical Data Science Veri Bilimi Istanbul The Data Science Blog Twitter Accounts ^ back to top ^ Twitter Description Big Data Combine Rapid-fire, live tryouts for data scientists seeking to monetize their models as trading strategies Big Data Mania Data Viz Wiz, Data Journalist, Growth Hacker, Author of Data Science for Dummies (2015) Big Data Science Big Data, Data Science, Predictive Modeling, Business Analytics, Hadoop, Decision and Operations Research. Charlie Greenbacker Director of Data Science at @ExploreAltamira Chris Said Data scientist at Twitter Clare Corthell Dev, Design, Data Science @mattermark #hackerei DADI Charles-Abner #datascientist @Ekimetrics. , #machinelearning #dataviz #DynamicCharts #Hadoop #R #Python #NLP #Bitcoin #dataenthousiast Data Science Central Data Science Central is the industry's single resource for Big Data practitioners. Data Science London Data Science. Big Data. Data Hacks. Data Junkies. Data Startups. Open Data Data Science Renee Documenting my path from SQL Data Analyst pursuing an Engineering Master's Degree to Data Scientist Data Science Report Mission is to help guide & advance careers in Data Science & Analytics Data Science Tips Tips and Tricks for Data Scientists around the world! #datascience #bigdata Data Vizzard DataViz, Security, Military DataScienceX deeplearning4j DJ Patil White House Data Chief, VP @ RelateIQ. Domino Data Lab Drew Conway Data nerd, hacker, student of conflict. Emilio Ferrara #Networks, #MachineLearning and #DataScience. I work on #Social Media. Postdoc at @IndianaUniv Erin Bartolo Running with #BigData--enjoying a love/hate relationship with its hype. @iSchoolSU #DataScience Program Mgr. Greg Reda Working @ GrubHub about data and pandas Gregory Piatetsky KDnuggets President, Analytics/Big Data/Data Mining/Data Science expert, KDD & SIGKDD co-founder, was Chief Scientist at 2 startups, part-time philosopher. Hadley Wickham Chief Scientist at RStudio, and an Adjunct Professor of Statistics at the University of Auckland, Stanford University, and Rice University. Hakan Kardas Data Scientist Hilary Mason Data Scientist in Residence at @accel. Jeff Hammerbacher ReTweeting about data science John Myles White Scientist at Facebook and Julia developer. Author of Machine Learning for Hackers and Bandit Algorithms for Website Optimization. Tweets reflect my views only. Juan Miguel Lavista Principal Data Scientist @ Microsoft Data Science Team Julia Evans Hacker - Pandas - Data Analyze Kenneth Cukier The Economist's Data Editor and co-author of Big Data (http://www.big-data-book.com/). Kevin Davenport Organizer of https://www.meetup.com/San-Diego-Data-Science-R-Users-Group/ Kevin Markham Data science instructor, and founder of Data School Kim Rees Interactive data visualization and tools. Data flaneur. Kirk Borne DataScientist, PhD Astrophysicist, Top #BigData Influencer. Linda Regber Data storyteller, visualizations. Luis Rei PhD Student. Programming, Mobile, Web. Artificial Intelligence, Intelligent Robotics Machine Learning, Data Mining, Natural Language Processing, Data Science. Mark Stevenson Data Analytics Recruitment Specialist at Salt (@SaltJobs) Analytics - Insight - Big Data - Data science Matt Harrison Opinions of full-stack Python guy, author, instructor, currently playing Data Scientist. Occasional fathering, husbanding, organic gardening. Matthew Russell Mining the Social Web. Mert Nuholu Data Scientist at BizQualify, Developer Monica Rogati Data @ Jawbone. Turned data into stories & products at LinkedIn. Text mining, applied machine learning, recommender systems. Ex-gamer, ex-machine coder; namer. Noah Iliinsky Visualization & interaction designer. Practical cyclist. Author of vis books: https://www.oreilly.com/pub/au/4419 Paul Miller Cloud Computing/ Big Data/ Open Data Analyst & Consultant. Writer, Speaker & Moderator. Gigaom Research Analyst. Peter Skomoroch Creating intelligent systems to automate tasks & improve decisions. Entrepreneur, ex-Principal Data Scientist @LinkedIn. Machine Learning, ProductRei, Networks Prash Chan Solution Architect @ IBM, Master Data Management, Data Quality & Data Governance Blogger. Data Science, Hadoop, Big Data & Cloud. Quora Data Science Quora's data science topic R-Bloggers Tweet blog posts from the R blogosphere, data science conferences, and (!) open jobs for data scientists. Rand Hindi Randy Olson Computer scientist researching artificial intelligence. Data tinkerer. Community leader for @DataIsBeautiful. #OpenScience advocate. Recep Erol Data Science geek @ UALR Ryan Orban Data scientist, genetic origamist, hardware aficionado Sean J. Taylor Social Scientist. Hacker. Facebook Data Science Team. Keywords: Experiments, Causal Inference, Statistics, Machine Learning, Economics. Silvia K. Spiva #DataScience at Cisco Harsh B. Gupta Data Scientist at BBVA Compass Spencer Nelson Data nerd Talha Oz Enjoys ABM, SNA, DM, ML, NLP, HI, Python, Java. Top percentile Kaggler/data scientist Tasos Skarlatidis Complex Event Processing, Big Data, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Passionate about programming and open-source. Terry Timko InfoGov; Bigdata; Data as a Service; Data Science; Open, Social & Business Data Convergence Tony Baer IT analyst with Ovum covering Big Data & data management with some systems engineering thrown in. Tony Ojeda Data Scientist , Author , Entrepreneur. Co-founder @DataCommunityDC. Founder @DistrictDataLab. #DataScience #BigData #DataDC Vamshi Ambati Data Science @ PayPal. #NLP, #machinelearning; PhD, Carnegie Mellon alumni (Blog: https://allthingsds.wordpress.com ) Wes McKinney Pandas (Python Data Analysis library). WileyEd Senior Manager - @Seagate Big Data Analytics @McKinsey Alum #BigData + #Analytics Evangelist #Hadoop, #Cloud, #Digital, & #R Enthusiast WNYC Data News Team The data news crew at @WNYC. Practicing data-driven journalism, making it visual, and showing our work. Alexey Grigorev Data science author lker Arslan Data science author. Shares mostly about Julia programming INEVITABLE AI & Data Science Start-up Company based in England, UK Telegram Channels ^ back to top ^ Open Data Science  First Telegram Data Science channel. Covering all technical and popular staff about anything related to Data Science: AI, Big Data, Machine Learning, Statistics, general Math and the applications of former. Loss function porn  Beautiful posts on DS/ML theme with video or graphic visualization. Machinelearning  Daily ML news. Slack Communities top DataTalks.Club GitHub Groups Berkeley Institute for Data Science Data Science Competitions Some data mining competition platforms Kaggle DrivenData Analytics Vidhya InnoCentive Microprediction Fun Infographic Datasets Comics Infographics ^ back to top ^ Preview Description Key differences of a data scientist vs. data engineer A visual guide to Becoming a Data Scientist in 8 Steps by DataCamp (img) Mindmap on required skills (img) Swami Chandrasekaran made a Curriculum via Metro map. by @kzawadz via twitter By Data Science Central Data Science Wars: R vs Python How to select statistical or machine learning techniques Choosing the Right Estimator The Data Science Industry: Who Does What Data Science Venn Euler Diagram Different Data Science Skills and Roles from Springboard A simple and friendly way of teaching your non-data scientist/non-statistician colleagues how to avoid mistakes with data. From Geckoboard's Data Literacy Lessons. Datasets ^ back to top ^ Academic Torrents ADS-B Exchange - Specific datasets for aircraft and Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B) sources. hadoopilluminated.com data.gov - The home of the U.S. Government's open data United States Census Bureau usgovxml.com enigma.com - Navigate the world of public data - Quickly search and analyze billions of public records published by governments, companies and organizations. datahub.io aws.amazon.com/datasets datacite.org The official portal for European data NASDAQ:DATA - Nasdaq Data Link A premier source for financial, economic and alternative datasets. figshare.com GeoLite Legacy Downloadable Databases Quora's Big Datasets Answer Public Big Data Sets Kaggle Datasets A Deep Catalog of Human Genetic Variation A community-curated database of well-known people, places, and things Google Public Data World Bank Data NYC Taxi data Open Data Philly Connecting people with data for Philadelphia grouplens.org Sample movie (with ratings), book and wiki datasets UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository - contains data sets good for machine learning research-quality data sets by Hilary Mason National Centers for Environmental Information ClimateData.us (related: U.S. Climate Resilience Toolkit) r/datasets MapLight - provides a variety of data free of charge for uses that are freely available to the general public. Click on a data set below to learn more GHDx - Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation - a catalog of health and demographic datasets from around the world and including IHME results St. Louis Federal Reserve Economic Data - FRED New Zealand Institute of Economic Research  Data1850 Open Data Sources UNICEF Data undata NASA SocioEconomic Data and Applications Center - SEDAC The GDELT Project Sweden, Statistics StackExchange Data Explorer - an open source tool for running arbitrary queries against public data from the Stack Exchange network. San Fransisco Government Open Data IBM Asset Dataset Open data Index Public Git Archive GHTorrent Microsoft Research Open Data Open Government Data Platform India Google Dataset Search (beta) NAYN.CO Turkish News with categories Covid-19 Covid-19 Google Enron Email Dataset 5000 Images of Clothes IBB Open Portal The Humanitarian Data Exchange 250k+ Job Postings - An expanding dataset of historical job postings from Luxembourg from 2020 to today. Free with 250k+ job postings hosted on AWS Data Exchange. Comics ^ back to top ^ Comic compilation Cartoons Data Science Cartoons Data Science: The XKCD Edition Other Awesome Lists Other amazingly awesome lists can be found in the awesome-awesomeness Awesome Machine Learning lists awesome-dataviz awesome-python Data Science IPython Notebooks. awesome-r awesome-datasets awesome-Machine Learning & Deep Learning Tutorials Awesome Data Science Ideas Machine Learning for Software Engineers Community Curated Data Science Resources Awesome Machine Learning On Source Code Awesome Community Detection Awesome Graph Classification Awesome Decision Tree Papers Awesome Fraud Detection Papers Awesome Gradient Boosting Papers Awesome Computer Vision Models Awesome Monte Carlo Tree Search Glossary of common statistics and ML terms 100 NLP Papers Awesome Game Datasets Data Science Interviews Questions Awesome Explainable Graph Reasoning Top Data Science Interview Questions Awesome Drug Synergy, Interaction and Polypharmacy Prediction Deep Learning Interview Questions Top Future Trends in Data Science in 2023 How Generative AI Is Changing Creative Work What is generative AI? Top 100+ Machine Learning Interview Questions (Beginner to Advanced) Data Science Projects Is Data Science a Good Career? The Future of Data Science: Predictions and Trends Data Science and Machine Learning: Whats The Difference? AI in Data Science: Uses, Roles, and Tools Top 13 Data Science Programming Languages 40+ Data Analytics Projects Ideas Best Data Science Courses with Certificates Hobby Awesome Music Production <script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=G-YL0RV0E5XZ"></script> <script> window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || []; function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);} gtag('js', new Date()); gtag('config', 'G-YL0RV0E5XZ'); </script> About  An awesome Data Science repository to learn and apply for real world problems. Topics science data-science machine-learning data-mining deep-learning analytics data-visualization awesome-list data-scientists hacktoberfest Resources Readme License MIT license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Custom properties Stars 26.1k stars Watchers 1.4k watching Forks 6k forks Report repository Releases 11 v2025.01.02.1 Latest Jan 2, 2025 + 10 releases Sponsor this project patreon.com/hmert Learn more about GitHub Sponsors Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 245 + 231 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.