GitHub - yrgo/awesome-educational-games: A curated list of awesome educational games to learn editors, languages, programming, etc Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert yrgo / awesome-educational-games Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 68 Star 938 A curated list of awesome educational games to learn editors, languages, programming, etc yrgo.se/webbutvecklare License MIT license 938 stars 68 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Pull requests 3 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Pull requests Actions Security Insights yrgo/awesome-educational-games masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History74 Commits.editorconfig.editorconfig .gitattributes.gitattributes LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEMIT licenseAwesome Educational Games A curated list of awesome educational games to learn editors, languages, programming, etc. Please read the contribution guidelines before contributing. Educational games are designed to teach people about certain subjects, expand concepts, reinforce development, understand an historical event or culture, or assist them in learning a skill as they play - Wikipedia Contents Art & Design Articles CSS Editors Languages Math & Computer Science Music Programming Art & Design Canon Explains Exposure - Learn how to give your photographs just the right amount of light. Can't Unsee - A game where your attention to details earns you a lot of coins. Font Memory Game - Recognizing different styles of fonts is one of the most challenging parts of typography. Method of Action - A collection of games that teach you design principles. The Bzier Game - Bzier Curves Color - Color Shape Type - Letter Shaping Kern Type - Kerning Pixactly - A pixels test to quiz your knowledge. The Boolean Game - Learn how to use boolean operations in Sketch, Figma, and other vector editors. Articles Educational Video Games Can Boost Motivation to Learn - An article by New York University. Fact or Fiction?: Video Games Are the Future of Education - An article by Scientific American. Five Reasons to Use Games in the Classroom - An article by Education World. CSS CSS Diner - It's a little game to help you learn CSS selectors. CSS Grid Garden - A game for learning CSS grid layout. Flexbox Defense - Unlike other tower defense games, you must position your towers using CSS! Flexbox Froggy - A game for learning CSS flexbox. Flexbox with Webflow - Learn and master flexbox in 28 interactive levelswithout writing code. Editors Open Vim - Interactive Vim tutorial. Vim Adventures - Learning Vim while playing a game. Vim Genius - Increase your speed and improve your muscle memory with Vim Genius. Languages Drops - Learn useful words and phrases in a languge of your choosing, with fun gameplay. Duolingo - Learn Spanish, French and other languages for free. Math & Computer Science Alligator Eggs! - A pen-and-paper game for children that teaches lambda calculus. CS Unplugged - A collection of classroom activities that teach computer science concepts without using computers. Finitris - See what goes into running a regular expression. Guess The Correlation - Try to guess how correlated the two variables in a scatter plot are. Music Learning Music - Explore the fundamentals of music via Ableton's interactive website. Learning Synths - Learn the basics of using synthesizers (or synths). Pianu - Learn how to play the piano in-browser. Programming BOX-256 - Program a fictional CPU with assembly to output graphics. Bashcrawl - Learn Linux commands by playing a simple text adventure . Clips the Game - A demanding logic game based on the clips rule engine. Code Avengers - Learn to build websites, apps and games in a fun and effective way. Code School - Learn to code in the comfort of your browser. Code.org - Every student in every school should have the opportunity to learn computer science. Codecademy - Learn to code interactively, for free. CodeCombat - The most engaging coding game for learning programming. CodinGame - A challenge-based training platform where you can play with the hottest programming topics. Cube Composer - A puzzle game inspired by functional programming. Deadlock Empire - Solve puzzles with concurrency. Free Code Camp - An open source community that helps you learn to code. Learn Git Branching - Interactive Git tutorial that emphasizes branching. Mimo - Learn how to become a developer on mobile. Programming Games Wiki - A long-standing catalogue of programming games through the years. RegexOne - Learn Regular Expressions with simple, interactive exercises. ReturnTrue - A game were you learn about booleans, return true to win. Screeps - The world's first MMO strategy sandbox game for programmers. SQL Murder Mystery - Solve a crime while practicing database skills. Swift Playgrounds - Learn to code on your iPad in a seriously fun way. Untrusted - Learn while playing a JavaScript adventure game. WarriorJS - Using JavaScript, program a warrior to climb a tall tower, fight monsters and rescue captives. Web Audio School - Interactive WebAudio tutorials. XSS game - A game about tricking people into running code in their browsers. About A curated list of awesome educational games to learn editors, languages, programming, etc yrgo.se/webbutvecklare Topics education awesome games Resources Readme License MIT license Activity Custom properties Stars 938 stars Watchers 38 watching Forks 68 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 9 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.