GitHub - drobakowski/awesome-erlang: A curated list of awesome Erlang libraries, resources and shiny things. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert drobakowski / awesome-erlang Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 209 Star 1.7k A curated list of awesome Erlang libraries, resources and shiny things. 1.7k stars 209 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 6 Pull requests 17 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights drobakowski/awesome-erlang masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History138 Commits.editorconfig.editorconfig CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEAwesome Erlang A curated list of amazingly awesome Erlang libraries, resources and shiny thing inspired by awesome-elixir. Awesome Erlang Package Management Release Management Configuration Management Codebase Maintenance Web Frameworks Web Framework Components HTTP Testing Logging Monitoring Deployment Distributed Systems Code Analysis Build Tools Geolocation Debugging Actors Date and Time ORM and Datamapping Queue Authentication Text and Numbers REST and API Caching Third Party APIs Networking Internet of Things Algorithms and Datastructures Translations and Internationalizations Miscellaneous Resources Websites Books Web Reading Erlang Reading Screencasts Other Awesome Lists Contributing Package Management Libraries and tools for package and dependency management. hex.pm - A package manager for the Erlang ecosystem. Release Management Libraries and tools for release management. relx - A release assembler for Erlang. Configuration Management Libraries and tools related to configuration management. stillir - Cache environment variables as Erlang app variables. Codebase Maintenance Libraries and tools to maintain a clean codebase. elvis - Erlang Style Reviewer. Web Frameworks Web development frameworks. Axiom - A micro-framework, inspired by Ruby's Sinatra. ChicagoBoss - A server framework inspired by Rails and written in Erlang. cowboy - A simple HTTP server. Giallo - A small and flexible web framework on top of Cowboy. MochiWeb - An Erlang library for building lightweight HTTP servers. N2O - WebSocket Application Server. Nitrogen - Framework to build web applications (including front-end) in pure Erlang. Zotonic - High speed, real-time web framework and content management system. Web Framework Components Standalone component from web development frameworks. cb_admin - An admin interface for Chicago Boss. cb_websocket_controller - A template for implementing a Websocket controller for ChicagoBoss. giallo_session - A session management library for the Giallo web framework. simple_bridge - An abstraction layer providing a unified interface to popular Erlang web servers (Cowboy, Inets, Mochiweb, Webmachine, and Yaws). HTTP Libraries for working with HTTP and scraping websites. bullet - Simple, reliable, efficient streaming for Cowboy. gun - Erlang HTTP client with support for HTTP/1.1, SPDY and Websocket. hackney - Simple HTTP client in Erlang. ibrowse - Erlang HTTP client. lhttpc - A lightweight HTTP/1.1 client implemented in Erlang. shotgun - For the times you need more than just a gun. Testing Libraries for testing codebases and generating test data. PropEr - A QuickCheck-inspired property-based testing tool for Erlang. tracerl - Dynamic tracing tests and utilities for Erlang/OTP Logging Libraries for generating and working with log files. lager - A logging framework for Erlang/OTP. lager_amqp_backend - AMQP RabbitMQ Lager backend. lager_hipchat - HipChat backend for lager. lager_loggly - Loggly backend for lager. lager_smtp - SMTP backend for lager. lager_slack - Simple Slack backend for lager. logplex - Heroku log router. Monitoring Libraries for gathering metrics and monitoring. entop - A top-like Erlang node monitoring tool. eper - A loose collection of Erlang Performance related tools. Exometer - An Erlang instrumentation package. folsom - An Erlang based metrics system inspired by Coda Hale's metrics. statsderl - A statsd Erlang client. vmstats - Tiny Erlang app that works in conjunction with statsderl in order to generate information on the Erlang VM for graphite logs. Deployment Libraries and tools related to deployment of Erlang/OTP applications. docker-erlang - Basic Docker Container Images for Erlang/OTP. Distributed Systems Tools for stress/load testing, latency issues, etc. across microservices. Typhoon - Stress and load testing tool for distributed systems that simulates traffic from a test cluster toward a system-under-test (SUT) and visualizes related latencies. Code Analysis Libraries and tools for analysing, parsing and manipulation codebases. Concuerror - Concuerror is a systematic testing tool for concurrent Erlang programs. eflame - A Flame Graph profiler for Erlang. geas - Geas is a tool that will detect the runnable official Erlang release window for your project, including its dependencies and provides many useful informations. Build Tools Project build and automation tools. rebar - Erlang build tool that makes it easy to compile and test Erlang applications, port drivers and releases. rebar3 - A build tool for Erlang which can manage Erlang packages from Hex.pm. See more at rebar3.org sync - On-the-fly recompiling for Erlang. Geolocation Libraries for geocoding addresses and working with latitudes and longitudes. erl-rstar - An Erlang implementation of the R*-tree spacial data structure. GeoCouch - A spatial extension for Couchbase and Apache CouchDB. Teles - An Erlang network service for manipulating geographic data. Debugging Libraries and tools for debugging code and applications. tx - An HTML Erlang term viewer, starts own webserver and displays any term you give it from your Erlang node. Actors Libraries and tools for working with actors and such. poolboy - A hunky Erlang worker pool factory. Date and Time Libraries for working with dates and times. erlang_localtime - Erlang library for conversion from one local time to another. qdate - Erlang date, time, and timezone management: formatting, conversion, and date arithmetic. ORM and Datamapping Libraries that implement object-relational mapping or datamapping techniques. boss_db - A sharded, caching, pooling, evented ORM for Erlang. epgsql - PostgreSQL Driver for Erlang. mysql-otp - MySQL/OTP  MySQL driver for Erlang/OTP. pgsql_migration  PostgreSQL migrations for Erlang. Queue Libraries for working with event and task queues. dq - Distributed Fault Tolerant Queue library. ebqueue - Tiny simple blocking queue in erlang. pqueue - Erlang Priority Queues. tinymq - A diminutive, in-memory message queue for Erlang. Authentication Libraries for implementing authentications schemes. oauth2 - Erlang Oauth2 implementation. Text and Numbers Libraries for parsing and manipulating text and numbers. ejsv - Erlang JSON schema validator. eql - Erlang with SQL or not. jiffy - JSON NIFs for Erlang. jsx - An erlang application for consuming, producing and manipulating json. miffy - Jiffy wrapper which returns pretty maps. qsp - Enhanced query string parser for Erlang. rec2json - Generate JSON encoder/decoder from record specs. REST and API Libraries and web tools for developing REST-ful APIs. leptus - Leptus is an Erlang REST framework that runs on top of cowboy. rooster - rooster is a lightweight REST framework that runs on top of mochiweb. Caching Libraries for caching data. cache - In-memory Segmented Cache Third Party APIs Libraries for accessing third party APIs. google-token-erlang - Google ID token verifier for Erlang. restc - An Erlang REST client oauth2c - An Erlang oAuth 2 client (uses restc) Networking Libraries and tools for using network related stuff. barrel_tcp - barrel_tcp is a generic TCP acceptor pool with low latency in Erlang. gen_rpc - A scalable RPC library for Erlang-VM based languages. gen_tcp_server - A library that takes the concept of gen_server and introduces the same mechanics for operating a TCP server. gossiperl - Language agnostic gossip middleware and message bus written in Erlang. nat_upnp - Erlang library to map your internal port to an external using UNP IGD. ranch - Socket acceptor pool for TCP protocols. Internet of Things Libraries and tools for interacting with the physical world. GRiSP - Run the Erlang VM on an IoT board with many hardware interfaces and low-level drivers using a small realtime unikernel called RTEMS lemma_erlang - A lemma for IDEO's Noam internet-of-things prototyping platform. Algorithms and Datastructures Libraries and implementations of algorithms and datastructures. datum - A pure functional and generic programming for Erlang erlando - A set of syntax extensions like currying and monads for Erlang. statebox - Erlang state "monad" with merge/conflict-resolution capabilities. riak_dt - Erlang library of state based CRDTs. Translations and Internationalizations Libraries providing translations or internationalizations. Miscellaneous Useful libraries or tools that don't fit in the categories above. erlang-history - Hacks to add shell history to Erlang's shell. erld - erld is a small program designed to solve the problem of running Erlang programs as a UNIX daemon. Resources Various resources, such as books, websites and articles, for improving your Erlang development skills and knowledge. Websites Useful web and Erlang-related websites and newsletters. Erlang Bookmarks - All about erlang programming language [powerd by community]. Erlang Central - An awesome collections of erlang resource along with live community chat for discussing and seeking help. Planet Erlang - Planet site/RSS feed of blog posts covering topics across the Erlang ecosystem. Spawned Shelter - Erlang Spawned Shelter. A collection of the best articles, videos and presentations related to Erlang. Books Fantastic books and e-books. Erlang and Elixir for Imperative Programmers - Introduction to Erlang and Elixir in the context of functional concepts by Wolfgang Loder (2016) Learn You Some Erlang - Learn you some Erlang - for great good! A very thorough resource covering everything from beginning Erlang programming to large-scale development and deployment. Stuff Goes Bad - ERLANG IN ANGER - This book intends to be a little guide about how to be the Erlang medic in a time of war. Web Reading General web-development-related reading materials. Erlang Reading Erlang-releated reading materials. The Joy of Erlang; Or, How To Ride A Toruk - The Joy of Erlang; Or, How To Ride A Toruk A fast track introduction to Erlang that teaches the language by walking through a few example projects. Screencasts Cool video tutorials. Contributing Please see CONTRIBUTING for details. About A curated list of awesome Erlang libraries, resources and shiny things. Topics lists awesome erlang awesome-list erlang-library Resources Readme Activity Stars 1.7k stars Watchers 118 watching Forks 209 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 29 + 15 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.