GitHub - ttumiel/Awesome-Ethereum: A Curated List of Awesome Ethereum Resources Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert ttumiel / Awesome-Ethereum Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 47 Star 326 A Curated List of Awesome Ethereum Resources License CC0-1.0 license 326 stars 47 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 2 Pull requests 6 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights ttumiel/Awesome-Ethereum masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History66 Commits.gitattributes.gitattributes .travis.yml.travis.yml License.mdLicense.md code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md package.jsonpackage.json project_logo.jpgproject_logo.jpg readme.mdreadme.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 license An awesome list about everything related to the Ethereum platform. Ethereum is an open-source, blockchain and smart contract computing platform. Pull requests are welcome! In the spirit of decentralized applications however, please ensure your submission is not a paywalled product. Contents Documentation Programming Tutorials Code Learning and MOOCs Philosophy Videos Wallets Blockchain Utilities Protocols Books Misc Official Documentation Official Ethereum Documentation. GitHub Wiki - Ethereum wiki covering all things related to Ethereum. The go-to place for all things. Whitepaper - Non-technical introductory description of Ethereum. Yellowpaper - Technical description of Ethereum. Technically outdated, but interesting. Programming OpenZeppelin - Battle-tested framework of secure, reusable smart contracts. Truffle Framework - Development environment for blockchain applications. Ganache - Personal Ethereum blockchain to run tests. Remix Online IDE - A useful in-browser IDE that can compile and publish smart contracts to various Ethereum networks. Includes a linter. Embark Framework - Framework for serverless Decentralized Applications using Ethereum, IPFS and other platforms. Eth Fiddle - Online editor for smart contracts. Hardhat - Ethereum development environment for professionals. Tutorials Step by step guides on using Ethereum. CryptoZombies - Learn to Code Ethereum DApps By Building Your Own Game. Hitchhikers Guide to Smart Contracts - Build smart contracts on Ethereum using Truffle, testrpc and Solidity. A 101 Noob Intro to Programming Smart Contracts on Ethereum - Smart contract tutorial with a focus on building up understanding before code. Parity DApp Tutorial - 10 part tutorial on how to write DApps. Start Ethereum DApp Development Career - Informal guide to starting developing DApps. Full Stack DApp Tutorial Series - Full stack DApps using various frameworks. Ethereum Builders Guide - Gitbook for building on Ethereum that goes deeper into understanding technical functionality. Learning Solidity Tutorial Series - Building smart contracts with Metamask and Remix IDE. End to End DApp Tutorial - Create a gambling DApp using Metamask, Truffle, Remix, React and IPFS. Various Ethereum & Solidity Tutorials - How to create smart contracts, deploy your own DApps, create tokens, and more  from beginner to intermediate topics. Code Solidity Documentation - Programming language of choice for smart contracts. Vyper Documentation - Experimental smart contract programming language intended to replace Solidity. Flint Documentation - Experimental contract orientated language for Ethereum. Learning and MOOCs Learn about the theory behind Ethereum. Ethereum Stack Exchange - Question and answers about Ethereum. Smart contract safety - Ethereum wiki on best practices for safety in smart contracts. Accounts, Transactions, Gas, and Block Gas Limits in Ethereum - Functional description of Ethereum accounts, gas and transactions. Ethernaut Smart Contract Capture the Flag - Practice hacking Smart Contracts. Ethereum Syllabus - Syllabus to learn Ethereum. Cryptocurrency Security: University of Illinois 2016 - Cryptocurrency Security Course. Stanford CS 251(p): Bitcoin and Crypto Currencies - Stanford Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency Course. Introduction to Digital Currencies: University of Nicosia - Digital currency introductory MOOC. Bitcoin and Blockchain Technology: Concordia University - Introduction to Bitcoin and blockchain technology MOOC. Smart Contract Best Practices - Security related best practices for smart contracts. Low-Resource Eclipse Attacks on Ethereums Peer-to-Peer Network Philosophy The Ideas behind the Ethereum Project. Making Smart Contracts Smarter - Smart contract security attacks. Ethereum Wiki Philosophy - Some of the core philosophies of Ethereum. Ethereum Improvement Proposals - Standards for the Ethereum platform, including core protocol specifications, client APIs, and contract standards. Videos Ethereum Explained (22:00) - Introductory explanation to the Ethereum platform. A Guide to Building Your First Decentralized Application (37:00) Ethereum YouTube Channel - Mostly older videos of Devcon 1 and before. Ethereum Foundation YouTube Channel - Most up to date events and streams including the Ethereum Devcon conferences and dev meetings. Wallets MetaMask - Browser extension that can interact with Remix IDE and send transactions to different testnets. MyEtherWallet - Online wallet service that interacts with the blockchain and performs several other useful functions. Mist - Official Ethereum wallet - Browse and use apps on the Ethereum network. MyCrypto - Online wallet service that interacts with the blockchain and performs several other useful functions. Blockchain Utilities ETH Gas Station - A tool to check the current price of gas for transactions. Etherscan - Ethereum block explorer with other useful block utilities. Ethplorer - Ethereum block explorer. Etherchain - Ethereum block explorer. Enjinx - Ethereum block explorer, that also nicely visualizes assets and tokens. Blockchair - Multi block explorer with nice charts. Protocols Descriptions and implementations of Ethereum-related protocols. Swarm - Swarm is a distributed storage platform and content distribution service. Whisper - A communication protocol for DApps to communicate with each other. Casper - Proof of Stake Implementation. Casper CBC - Correct by Construction for full Proof-of-Stake. Code Repository - A python implementation of a class of correct-by-construction consensus protocols. CBC Wiki CBC Research Paper Casper FFG - Friendly Finality Gadget for PoS validation with Proof-of-Work. Code Repository - The FFG contract, related software and tests. Casper the Friendly Finality Gadget Paper - Research paper detailing FFG. PoS FAQs FFG vs CBC Comparison - A Stack Exchange comparison of FFG and CBC. Sharding - Partitioning computational resources so that nodes do not have to process the entire blockchain. Web3.js - Ethereum's JavaScript API. Ethash Proof of Work - Ethereum's Proof of Work Algorithm. zk-SNARKS - Verify knowledge of a secret without revealing it. Introduction to zk-SNARKS with examples - A practical overview of zk-SNARKS. A practical beginner's guide to creating, proving, and verifying zkSNARKs - Introduction to zk-SNARKS and implementation as a smart contract. zk-SNARKS: Under the Hood - Technical explanation of zk-SNARKS. zk-SNARKs in a nutshell - Technical explanation of zk-SNARKS. Practical zk-SNARKs for Ethereum - A short and practical introduction to using zk-SNARKs. Token Bonding Curves (TBC) - Mathematically sound price-supply relationship curves. Bonding Curves Explained - A thorough introduction to TBCs with code. Token Bonding Curves in Practice - Exploring a universal distribution of IP via non-fungible tokens and curation markets. Bonding Curve Playground - An interactive bonding curve webapp. Books Mastering Ethereum - A developers guide to the operation and use of Ethereum. Introduction to Ethereum and Solidity - Learn Solidity development from concept to deployment. Ethereum: Blockchains, Digital Assets, Smart Contracts, Decentralized Autonomous Organizations - Learn about Ethereum (and blockchains) from an IBM blockchain liason. Misc r/Ethereum - Ethereum subreddit. State of the DApps - A comprehensive list of the Decentralized Applications (DApps) on Ethereum. ETH Gas Station - A tool to check the current price of gas for transactions. Week in Ethereum - A summary of everything happening in Ethereum each week. Ethereum Worldwide Meetups - Meet up with the local Ethereum community via meetup.com. Ethereum Wiki Page Official Ethereum Website Ethereum Foundation Ethereum GitHub Contribute Contributions welcome! Read the contribution guidelines first. Inspired by Awesome Python and Awesome Machine Learning License To the extent possible under law, @ttumiel has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. For the full license see license.md. About A Curated List of Awesome Ethereum Resources Topics awesome ethereum awesome-list Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 326 stars Watchers 11 watching Forks 47 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 5 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.