GitHub - lutzh/awesome-event-driven-architecture: A curated list of resources on event-driven architecture. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert lutzh / awesome-event-driven-architecture Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 17 Star 453 A curated list of resources on event-driven architecture. License CC0-1.0 license 453 stars 17 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 0 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights lutzh/awesome-event-driven-architecture mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History44 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 license Awesome Event-Driven Architecture A curated list of awesome articles and resources to learn about event-driven architecture. Event-driven architecture is a software architecture approach where services collaborate by publishing and subscribing to events. This eliminates runtime coupling of services. Contents  Articles Foundational Experience Reports And Practicalities  Videos Foundational Experience Reports And Practicalities Related Topics  Articles Foundational Going Events-First for Microservices with Event Storming and DDD - By Russ Miles, October 2016. "It is not the things that matter in early stages of design - it is the things that happen." Events As First-Class Citizens - By Randy Shoup, January 2018. Focusses on the most important part of EDA: The actual events. Why Event-First Programming Changes Everything - By Neil Avery, January 2019. Somewhat lengthy article that's great in painting the "big picture". Introduction to Event-Driven Architecture - By Kacey Bui, February 2021. Good overview of the basics. Experience Reports And Practicalities Event Granularity: Modelling events in event driven applications - By Barry O'Sullivan, December 2017. About finding the right granularity for events. The different types of events in event-driven systems - By Frank de Jonge, February 2022. There are different approaches to classifying events - this is a very good one. Reliable event dispatching using a transactional outbox - By Frank de Jonge, February 2022. Transactional outbox is a crucial pattern for services basing their persistence on CRUD/RDBMS. Behind the scenes: McDonald's event-driven architecture - From the McDonald's tech blog, August 2022. Not very detailed, but an easily digestible case study about event-driven architecture at scale. Listing this here is not an endorsement of their products. There's a second part, too. Event Driven Architecture  5 Pitfalls to Avoid - By Natan Silnitsky, August 2022. Especially when you only just get started, check this to spare you some frustration later. You might also want to check the "Further Reading" section at the end. 5 pitfalls to avoid when implementing an Event-Driven Architecture - By Kris Van Vlaenderen, January 2024. Sounds very similar to the previous one. But it's not a case of duplicate events - it's actually 5 different pieces of advice.  Videos Foundational Core Decisions in Event-Driven Architecture - By Duana Stanley, October 2019. Overall a great talk, definitely worth watching. Below are some minor issues I have with it. The advice to use ids in events to refer to other entities is not wrong, but needs deeper discussion. I don't like the term "command events", something is either a command or an event. In the end she hints at Kafka as an event store, I don't think that's good idea. Event-Driven Architectures Done Right - By Tim Berglund, May 2021. Good overview, clear presentation. Event Driven Architecture & Governance in Action - By Wim Debreuck, June 2023. A talk that goes beyond the technical fundamentals, into the architecture and design process of event-driven applications. The shown approach might not be universal, but provides important insights. I especially like the clarity around business events. Event-Driven Architecture Explained in 15 Minutes - By Dave Farley, July 2024. Watching videos by Dave Farley is always time well spent, and his short take on event-driven architecture is no exception. Experience Reports And Practicalities EDA in Practice: Building an eCommerce Platform at Cinch - By Toli Apostolidis, September 2022. You can ignore the first 8 minutes and 15 seconds (in fact the link will skip them), they are mostly promotion for AWS. But from there on follows a good talk on real-world experiences with event-driven architecture. Shifting Gears: From Events to Event-Driven - By Ryan Cormack, May 2024. He tells the story of Motorway's journey to event driven, and also includes a lot of foundational aspects. Related Topics Event Sourcing  What, Why & How - By Anita Kvamme, June 2024. While also event based, Event Sourcing is not the same as Event-Driven Architecture. They complement each other well, but you can also use either without the other. Thankfully, this great overview of Event Sourcing makes that clear at the very start. Contributing Please note that the list is highly curated. The aspiration is to assemble resources that excel in providing clarity around the principles and terminology. As a whole, the collection should provide a comprehensive and consistent overview of the topic. In the spirit of the Awesome Lists list of guidelines: "Awesome lists are curations of the best, not everything." Of course if you think something that belongs in the list is missing, you can suggest its inclusion in an issue or pull request. Footnotes To be updated about changes, follow me on Mastodon, Bluesky or LinkedIn. If you find this interesting, you might also like my blog. About A curated list of resources on event-driven architecture. Topics awesome eda awesome-list eventdrivenarchitecture Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 453 stars Watchers 18 watching Forks 17 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.