GitHub - podo/awesome-framer: A curated list of awesome things related to Framer prototyping tool Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert podo / awesome-framer Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 48 Star 593 A curated list of awesome things related to Framer prototyping tool 593 stars 48 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights podo/awesome-framer masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History77 CommitsCONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md README.mdREADME.md logo.pnglogo.png View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEAwesome Framer A curated list of Framer prototyping tool articles, resources, tutorials and other related things. Framer is a tool to create animated and interactive prototypes. It uses modern web technologies such as JavaScript, HTML and CSS to extend the capabilities for advanced users and auto-correct, intuitive error messaging or in-app documentation to lower the learning curve for beginners. Contents General Articles Videos Tutorials Video Course Books Examples Modules UI Libraries Sites Other General Official Site Official Examples Documentation Facebook Group Articles Designer / coder, and not the other way around - Paul Cotton talks how he started using Framer. Why Framer.js Matters - Pedro Carmo on why Framer is a tool designers should start using. Videos Stripe Speaker Series: Designing with Framer - Koen Bok and Jorn van Dijk give a short talk and Q&A focused on Framer that also covers prototyping in general and a discussion of the various design tools available in the market. FORM SF 2014: Panel - Design Tooling - Discussion between creators of popular design tools (including Koen Bok from Framer) on the value of prototyping, lessons learned in crafting products for designers, and the future of UX tools. Tutorials Framer.js Official Basics - The place to start prototyping with Framer. Framer Video Tutorials - Video tutorials provided directly from Framer team. New to Framer? Just 3 Things to Get You Started - David Lees guide to get started. Framer.js for people who think things like Framer.js are weird and hard - Sean Mateer makes weird and hard things look easy. Prototyping & Working with Framer - Simple guide to getting started by Dan Moore. Prototyping with Framer.js - Framer basics by Tackmobile team. Getting Started with Framer - Very basic Framer starting guide by Andrew Nalband. Building Your First Prototype - Second guide by Andrew Nalband, where you start building real prototype from Sketch file. Creating Your First Prototype with Framer - Animation tutorial by Kenny Chen. Framer.js Workshop - Collection of Framer examples by Jay Stakelon. Motion is Emotion: Prototyping Microinteractions for Apple Watch with Framer Studio - Apple Watch temperature gauge prototype tutorial. Periscope Heart Animation Demo at the Seattle FramerJS Meetup - Presentation by Jordan Dobson on how to create Periscope heart animation with Framer. Using Parse to power up your Framer prototypes - Using Framer with real data Part 1 by George Kedenburg III. Give your Framer prototypes a better memory - Using Framer with real data Part 2 by George Kedenburg III. Working with SVG Paths in Framer - Starting point for SVG Paths in Framer by Josh Puckett. Managing Styles and CSS in Framer - Mrten Bjrk on styles management in Framer. Developing a Framer Module - John Marstall teaches how to create a Framer Module. Prototyping for Virtual Reality using Framer JS - Excerpts of some interaction considerations Keyur Jain learned of while prototyping for a Virtual Reality experience in Framer. Prototyping Speech Recognition in Framer.js - Brian Bailey gives a breaf introduction to speach recognition prototyping in Framer. Power your Framer prototypes with real location data - Maya Gao on Framer prototypes with real location data using Mapbox API. How to Create HighQuality GIFs - How to Create HighQuality GIFs, our guide to making amazing GIFs with some of our favorite tools: ScreenFlow and Claquette. Video Courses Mobile App Prototyping: Designing Custom Interactions - 50-minute Skillshare class on how to use mobile app prototyping to communicate your ideas and execute your vision by Noah Levin. Framerjs: Innovative prototyping and design with interaction - 54 parts, 6 hours course by Adria Jimenez. Prototyping with Framer - Three-part prototyping course by Rafael Conde. Rapid Prototyping with Framer - 5-hour long prototyping course by Kenny Chen. Prototyping With Framer.js - On-location course instructed by Jay Stakelon, Noah Levin and Cemre Gngr. UI Prototyping with Framer.js - Almost 5 hours long course by Jay Stakelon. Framercasts - Advance your Framer knowledge with real world examples produced by Mike Johnson. Framer for UX Design - Emmanuel Henri shows both how to use non-coding Framer tools and how the usage of programming fits into the UX design process. Framer Crash Course - Crash course learning the basics of design and code on Framer. designers.how Framer Courses - List of basic and more advanced Framer courses. Framer Studio for Beginners: A Comprehensive Guide - Series of videos that walk you through designing and coding in Framer using hands-on projects by Cordova Putra Books CoffeeScript for Framer by Tessa Thornton The Framer book by Tes Mat Examples Framer Experiments by Ed Chao - Several awesome examples with download links from designer at Dropbox. HSL Color Picker - HSL Color Picker by Framer team. iOS Toggle - iOS Toggle using Color class by Jorn van Dijk. Modules framer-googlefonts - Google Fonts loader module for your Framer prototypes. tabBarModule - Module for Framer that replicates the iOS tab bar. framer-animation-collections - Framer classes for managing large sets of animations. framer.iosnotification - Framer module that mimics an iOS notification. Framer-Grid - Flexible Framer Module that creates a grid overlay on top of your prototype to precisely align content or experiment early on in the design process. shortcuts-for-framer - Collection of useful functions to make mobile prototyping with Framer easier. framer.placehold - This is a module for framer that provides a library of different image placeholder services. FramerNavigationComponent - Reusable and customizable navigation component for Framer, based on iOS. RippleTransition.framer - Framer Module for a Material design like ripple transition. framer-icon - Framer dynamically tinted icons based off of a template image. framer.makeGradient - Module for Framer that makes it easy to create static linear/radial gradients. Want them to animate? I welcome pull requests. WatchKit-Framer - Apple Watch Kit module for Framer. Framer-AudioPlayer - AudioPlayer Module for Framer. Framer-VideoPlayer - Video player module for Framer Studio and Framer. Framer-Module-ShakeEvent - ShakeEvent Module for Framer. Framer-Module-UISound - UISound Module for Framer. CameraLayer - Framer layer displaying camera image. ios-keyboard-for-framer - iOS Keyboard module for Framer. textLayer-for-Framer - Framer module that simplifies the process of adding text to your prototypes. Kinetics - Test spring animations on any layer in your Framer Studio project without having to reload. framer-flip-card-module - Framer module to quickly create a flip card effect with two image layers. Input-Framer - Framer module to easily turn your designs inputs into real inputs. StickyHeaders-for-Framer - Module to create scroll components with sticky stamps in Framer. OrientationEvents - Module for Framer to handle device orientation events. ScaleFrame - Module for Framer to calculate properties of a scaled layer using its new dimensions. framer-label - Label module with multi-line truncation support for Framer. framer-equally-rotate-images - Give this module an array of images, and it will rotate them equally around in a circular path. framer-colour-transition - Framer module that transitions the background colour of a layer. framer-webview - Web view module for Framer. framer-uistatusbar - iOS status bar module for Framer. framer.module.ajax - Ajax module for Framer. framer.module.fill - Fill module for Framer. SpeechSynth - Framer module for Web SpeechSynthesis. Comment-for-Framer - Framer module for making comments in your prototypes. framer-viewNavigationController - Simple controller for FramerJS that allows you to transition between views with just a couple lines of code. Layers-for-Framer - Framer module that makes it easier to find layers in your project. Framer-Highlightr - Custom Framer module that shows hotspots over clickable layers in your prototype. SVGLayer - Module and corresponding Sketch plugin that make it trivial to work with SVG Paths in Framer. VRComponent - Virtual reality component for Framer. 3D Touch Module - Module for iOS 3D Touch support by Jordan Dobson. Simple Android Ripple - Framer module for adding touch ripple animations to any layer. Simple Android Keyboards - Easily add a static Android Keyboard to your Framer Studio project with just one line of code. Simple Android Toast - Use this module to easily add Android toasts to your Framer Studio projects. Simple Android Snackbar - Framer module for adding Android Material Design Snackbars to your project. Framer Path - Create custom SVG shapes and animate each point individually. Material Kit for FramerJS - Make prototyping with Material Design fast and easy without compromising the quality or customization. iOS Kit for FramerJS - Make prototyping for iOS fast and easy without compromising the quality or customization. framer-Firebase - The Firebase module allows your Framer prototype to load, save and sync data effortlessly between multiple sessions and devices. spotifyApiFramer - Framer module that allows to get JSON objects when querying with Spotify API. ViewController-for-Framer - Module for Framer helps you create multi step user flows with pre-made transitions like "fade in", "zoom in" and "slide in". Gridddle - Grid module for FramerJS. SliderLibrary - Framer library for creating sliders. StickyHeaders-for-Framer - Module to enable sticky headers within Framer's Scroll Components. framer-view-stack - Framer module for creating views that stack on top of each other. RemoteLayer - The RemoteLayer module allows you to instantly generate an interactive Apple TV remote for your tvOS app prototypes. distribute-layers - This package helps you position multiple Framer layers with ease. Framer-ValueLayer - ValueLayer is a Layer subclass dedicated to helping you manage numbers in your prototypes, and animate between them. perspective-view - Module for FramerJS to enable a perspective view of your prototype. Pair - Drag and Drop module for Framer. Cloudstitch Framer Module - Module lets you load data from Google Spreadsheets and Microsoft Excel directly into your Framer projects. framer-QueryInterface - Module that allows Framer prototypes to read variables from and write variables to the last part of their URL (the query). Framer StatusBarLayer - Module for generating accurate, customizable status bars for iOS app prototypes. Loading Placeholder - Module which instantly creates loading placeholder based on your layer style. lottie-framer - Framer module that uses AirBnb's Lottie-Web to render animations exported from After Effects (JSON files). ControlPanelLayer - Framer module for creating a developer panel to control aspects of the prototype from within the prototype. GradientHelper - Module that simplifies the process of applying gradients to Framer layers and even enables animated gradients. FocusEngine - Module for simulating the grid focus behavior found on Apple TV and Roku. MapboxLayer - Module for creating powerful Mapbox maps in your prototypes. Framer Sheet - Import information from Google Sheets into Framer. FramerAudio  Module that allows you to design audio interfaces in Framer. Framer Slider - Module that allows you to design sliders and then bring them to life, without losing customizability. Appearance and logicseparated. iOS-11-Framer - iOS 11 Design System GUI for Framer. framer-Symbols - Module to create symbols in Framer. framer-moreutils - Expand Utils with some handy helper functions. framer keyboardEvents - Hassle-free keyboard bindings for Framer: No need to look up keyCodes; supports 100+ keys with minimal performance impact. Framer Joystick - Module for Gamepad-driven UI prototypes. Framer Feedback - Framer feedback module makes it easier for you to prototype with feedback messages. Framer-Bottom-Navigation - Framer Module to add Android's Bottom Navigation to your project. Framer Device Rotator - A Framer module that adds a rotation button to a phone/tablet when said is displayed in a desktop browser or in Framer Studio (but not on device). Keyboard Input for Framer - A module that allows you to easily manage keyboard input. Framer DesignComponents - Module for converting your designs in design mode into full scalable classes in code, without a single line of code!. Framer Web Audio API Module - A Framer module that provides better audio support for your Framer projects. Framer Status Bar Module - Module to initialize a status bar in a Framer application. Framer Android Picker - An Android Picker Module. Yummy Framer - Yummy provides custom layer functions such as LoadViews, LoadNextView, Fade & Move Layer. Framer Font Loader - Painlessly, reliably load local and web fonts into Framer prototypes. Framer Form - Give your Framer prototypes a third dimension. FramerMapboxJS - Another module to integrate Mapbox maps on your Framer prototypes. UI Libraries iOS 11 iPhone GUI - Templates of GUI elements found in the public release of iOS 11. Framework - A general-purpose component kit for Framer. Sites Prototyping With Framer - Blog by Kenny Chen with lots of great examples, tutorials. Framer Code - Collection of Framer modules, code examples, snippets and tips. Other framer-modules - Discover, install and save your favorite modules at one place. Framer Snippets - Library of Framer snippets to help speed up workflow. Stitch - Lightweight framework for adding interaction to your Framer prototypes directly from your Sketch designs. framer-bootstrap - Use Framer Library in your preferred editor and environment. Fiber - A free interactive UI kit with 15 screens. Voyage - A free travel-themed UI kit thats fully interactive and made for Framer. iOS Kit - Readymade elements for starting your next iOS app. Direct link. Android Kit - Material Design elements for your next Android app. Direct link. Web Kit - All the elements youll need to start your next web project. Direct link. Wireframe Kit - Basic wireframe elements to blueprint your next big project. Direct link. License About A curated list of awesome things related to Framer prototyping tool Topics awesome tutorial prototype awesome-list video-course framer-resources framer framerjs framer-prototype framer-studio autocode framer-snippets framer-modules framer-courses Resources Readme Activity Stars 593 stars Watchers 42 watching Forks 48 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 7 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.