GitHub - fuse-compound/awesome-fuse: A curated list of awesome Fuse applications, articles, and plugins Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert fuse-compound / awesome-fuse Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 54 Star 346 A curated list of awesome Fuse applications, articles, and plugins fusetools.com/ 346 stars 54 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 1 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights fuse-compound/awesome-fuse masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History220 Commits.editorconfig.editorconfig .gitattributes.gitattributes .travis.yml.travis.yml CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEAwesome Fuse A curated list of awesome Fuse applications, articles, and plugins. Please read the contribution guidelines before contributing. Like awesome-fuse? Reach out to me and say hi on Twitter!  This list is currently unmaintained, and we are looking for a new maintainer. See here for details if you're interested. Contents Applications Articles Community Development Open Source Plugins Applications 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea - Interactive book (iOS). Amphi Festival 2017 - Semi-official app for Amphi Festival 2017 (iOS) (Android). Beer Week - The official app for Gothenburg beer festival (iOS) (Android). BPMTap - A BPM tapper that works (iOS). CityU Minerals - A mobile virtual museum (iOS) (Android). CityU Mobile - City University of Hong Kong official portal app (iOS) (Android). Conrad Wise - The all-knowing Conrad Wise (iOS) (Android). Countinental - An app for counting things (iOS) (Android). Criminal Mind - Interactive story book (iOS) (Android). Dark Forest - Interactive book (iOS) (Android). Deem - The ultimate way to see movie reviews worldwide (iOS) (Android). FuseCloud - A SoundCloud player that uses the free SoundCloud API (iOS) (Android). GameCalculator - A custom game calculator for parties (iOS) (Android). Gig - Discover local nightlife (Android). Guias Doop - Celebrity lifestyle guide. (iOS) (Android) HatTrick The official app for the card-driven soccer simulation Hat-Trick (iOS) (Android). HowOld - Find out how old or young you look (Android). Klickle - Find stuff thats happening now from local businesses (iOS). Opportunity - A lead generation tool built inside of a business network (iOS) (Android). Quotis - Streamlined inspirational quote app that let's you browse and copy/paste great quotes (Android). Sanntidsappen - Great-looking overview of bus routes in Trondheim (iOS). Snapptime - Enjoy the food offers in your city (in German) (iOS) (Android). SpinDice3D - Select and spin a dice from collection of 4, 6, 8, 12 and 20 sides (iOS) (Android). Tasty - The local food curation chatbot app (Android). Tesla CTRL - This app will give you better control of your Tesla (iOS). The Monster and the Cat - Interactive book (iOS) (Android). Tiffinity - Order delicious home made food from around you (iOS). (Android) Timecircle - Simple yet effective and good-looking stop watch (iOS) (Android). Timestealer - Track how much your meetings are costing you and your company (iOS) (Android). Vaka - Vaka is a game for focused and stable mind (iOS) (Android). Wonder - An idea companion app that trains your creative and ideation skills (iOS). Articles A sane way of mixing languages in Fuse - Written by Chris Bagley. Do we need better prototyping or simpler coding? - Written by Daniel Hollick. Fuse Foreign Speech - Written by Remi Pedersen. How Fuse differs from React Native and NativeScript - Written by Remi Pedersen. How to add infinite scrolling to fuse tools apps - Written by Neo Ighodaro. I made a cross-platform SoundCloud player with Fuse - Written by Kristian Hasselknippe. No, Bots are not killing apps (Bad apps are killing apps) - Written by Anders Lassen. Interview with Anders Lassen from Fuse - Written by Abduzeedo. Light the fuse, using F# to write Fuse apps - Written by 7sharp9. Making mobile apps using Fuse - Written by Tri Nguyen. SwiftFuse - Tutorial on how to use Swift with Fuse. Community Blog - The official Fuse blog on Medium Forums - The official Fuse forums. Medium - Articles on Medium by the core team. Newsletter - Fuse Weekly is a weekly curated publication full of interesting news and articles. Slack - The official Slack channel. Twitter - The official Fuse Twitter account. YouTube - Official Fuse YouTube channel. Development Developer Guides - Getting up and running with Fuse is super easy. Examples - A list of examples create by Fuse. Features Status - List of current and upcoming Fuse features. Packages - A curated list of third party Fuse packages created by the community. Plugin API - The official Fuse plugin API. Samples - Samples demonstrating the use of various Fuse and FuseJS APIs. Tour De Fuse - The sample for introducing functions of the Fuse. Open Source 11t - 11t is an iOS and Android app for connecting to Mastodon 500px Gallery Demo - Nifty gallery demo app using 500px API. Firebase - Firebase bindings for Fuse. FormulaFuse - Formula 1 Fuse application. Fuse Input Validation - Reusable and highly functional input validation methods in Fuse components Fuse PM - A Fusetools package manager. Fuse Pokedex - A Pokedex created using Fuse. Fuse Review - Get reviews from your users without making them leave the app. Fuse Samples - A collection of smaller examples using the various features of Fuse and FuseJS. Fuse Taptic-Feedback - Get access to the iPhone 7's taptic engine. fuse.QrScanner - A small library for scanning QrCode. Fuse Tags with Firebase - Simple Tags app. Adds and retrieves tags from Firebase. FuseBus - A simple Fuse application for testing and funtimes. Haxe - Haxe compiler for Fuse tools. Hikr - An example app case to accompany Fuse's end-to-end tutorial. Infinite Scroll - An example implementation of "infinite scroll" for use with Fuse Tools version 0.26 and above. Motion - iOS accelerometer, gyroscope, magnetometer readings and more for Fuse. slush-xfuse - Fuse slush generator with Gulp, Rollup and Babel integration. Snake - A proof-of-concept experimental game of snake made with Fusetools. Syncano - Simple example of integration Syncano with Fuse. UnityAds Sample - Simple example of integration UnityAds with Fuse. Plugins Alfred Workflow - Integrate Fuse on Alfred. Atom - Atom Editor plugin for Fuse. Bash Completion - Simple bash completion script for UNO. Emacs - Emacs plugin for Fuse. Sublime - Sublime Text 3 plugin for Fuse. Visual Studio Code - Fuse Helper for Visual Studio Code. Fuse Language - Syntax Highlighting for *.uno and *.ux files in VS Code. Fuse-Log - Get Fuse log messages into Visual Studio Code's output panel. License To the extent possible under law, Fuse Compound has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. About A curated list of awesome Fuse applications, articles, and plugins fusetools.com/ Topics awesome fuse norway Resources Readme Activity Custom properties Stars 346 stars Watchers 45 watching Forks 54 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 25 + 11 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.