GitHub - godotengine/awesome-godot: A curated list of free/libre plugins, scripts and add-ons for Godot Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert godotengine / awesome-godot Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 433 Star 7.8k A curated list of free/libre plugins, scripts and add-ons for Godot License CC-BY-4.0 license 7.8k stars 433 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 14 Pull requests 16 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights godotengine/awesome-godot masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History456 Commits.github.github .editorconfig.editorconfig .pre-commit-config.yaml.pre-commit-config.yaml CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSE.mdLICENSE.md README.mdREADME.md godot-logo.svggodot-logo.svg View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC-BY-4.0 licenseSecurityAwesome Godot A curated list of free/libre games, plugins, add-ons and scripts for Godot. Looking for third-party programming language support in Godot? See Vivraan/godot-lang-support. Contents Games 2D 3D XR Projects Templates Demos Tutorials Plugins and scripts Modules GDScript/C# editor support Themes Engine themes Syntax themes Unofficial Godot builds Bash scripts Websites Other Games Open Source Games that use Godot. 2D Godot 4 A Dark Forest - Minimalistic incremental game inspired by "A Dark Room". Librerama - A free/libre fast-paced arcade collection of mini-games. Poder Solar - Simple resource management game. Unknown Horizons - Official work-in-progress reimplementation of Unknown Horizons. Godot 3 Blipshift - Simple top-down moving platforms game. Breakable - A breakout-like game. Circle Jump - Mobile arcade game, addicting and enjoyable. How-to-made tutorial is available, so you can recreate it yourself and learn Godot. Everplast - Unique 2D platforming experience filled with rage, rush, speed, and spray. Falling Square - A simple mobile game to test your reflex. Flappy Race - A 2D online multiplayer game inspired by Flappy Bird and Mario Kart for desktop and HTML5. Haldric - Official work-in-progress reimplementation of Battle for Wesnoth. Memory Game - Simple Memory game. Pocket Broomball - The world's first broomball game, available for iOS, Android and html5. Portal 2D - 2D remake of the Portal games. ROTA - Gravity-bending puzzle platformer game. spindle of serendipity - Word guessing game with customizable entries. Starship Olympics - Fast-paced local party game with starships that battle in a top-down arena. TuxBuilder - Work-in-progress reimplementation of SuperTux. Godot 2 BlockPop - A simple Breakout clone. Bombs - Simple mobile game. You need to touch bombs to defuse them. Captain Holetooth - Explorative platformer in a detailed world. Geared towards younger players. Dolphin Island 2 - Platformer game made for the A Game By It's Cover 2015 Game Jam. DynaDungeons - Bomberman clone in a fantasy universe. Kraken-Rampage - Ludum Dare 33 entry made in 48 hours. Minehunter - A Minesweeper clone. Minilens - Free puzzle platform game. Mountain of Hope - Game made on Theater Game Jam (PGA 2015). Ninja-Training - Small running game done as 1 hour challenge. No hope - Ludum Dare 33 entry made in 48 hours. Planet Rider - 2D physics parkour game in an alien environment. Platshoot - A 2D shooter game. Ringed - Top-down shooter with extensive usage of light effects. Tanks of Freedom - Free turn-based isometric strategy game. Three Hungry Mice - Breakout game with mice made for the Godot Engine Jam of March 2016. 3D Godot 4 LibreAim - Libre FPS aim trainer made with Godot. open-fpsz - An open-source, fast-paced multiplayer shooter game inspired by Tribes, with jetpacks, skis and vehicles. OpenLiberty - An open-source reimplementation of Grand Theft Auto III on the Godot Engine. Reia - A free game that's an action adventure RPG for Desktop and Mobile with multiplayer, MMO, and offline support. Super Tux Party - A free/libre and open-source party game that is meant to replicate the feel of games such as Mario Party. Tanks of Freedom II - Free turn-based isometric strategy game in voxel art. Thrive - A free, open-source game about the evolution of life (Mono). Godot 3 Ball2Box - Shoot the ball into the box, available for iOS, Android and html5. Boom - A very simple, old fashion FPS, work-in-progress but playable. Broken Seals - A work-in-progress third person action RPG with multiplayer support (needs custom engine modules). Meteorite - A lowres metroidvania FPS, inspired by Metroid Prime, made for LOWREZJAM 2018. Rapid Rescue - Rapid Rescue is a local multiplayer strategy game inspired by Labyrinth. Godot 2 Cheese Hunter - A game for Godot Engine Jam of March 2016. XR Godot 4 Piggy Rescue - Fun little example game where you chase and rescue little pigs. Godot 3 Beep Saber VR - Beat Saber clone in Godot. Friday Night Funkin` - VR port of the popular rhythm game. Projects Non-game Open source projects made with Godot (tools/utilities). Godot 4 Clipboard Narrator - Turn any web page into an audiobook, works in the background on desktop! GodSVG - Tool to create optimized Scalable Vector Graphics files. Lorien - Infinite-canvas drawing/whiteboarding app for Windows, Linux and macOS. Supports drawing tablets and pressure sensitivity. Material Maker - Create PBR materials procedurally (similar to Substance Designer). Pixelorama - 2D pixel art editor. ProtonGraph - Node-based tool for procedural content creation. Like visual scripting, but for 3D model generation (needs custom engine modules). Godot 3 Arrow - A tool to design game narratives with nodes. GATT - Godot Autotile Texture Templater - A tool for generating 2x2 and 3x3 autotile tilesets in whichever size and colour needed. Godello - A Trello-like kanban board application made with Godot. A proof of concept for complex non-game applications with Godot, as well real-time online interactions between multiple users. Includes backend code. SimulaVR - A VR window manager for Linux, built on top of Godot engine. vpuppr - A cross-platform VTuber application with mulitple tracking backends. Templates Projects to use as a base for your own games. Godot 4 Godot XR Template - Template for a multi-level XR game. MechanicalFlower Godot Template - Template with code formatting, license tracking, addons management and CI/CD. Maaack's Game Template - Template with a main menu, options menus, pause menu, credits, scene loader, extra tools, and an example game scene. Takin Godot Template - Template with a save file system, localization, UI (main menu, save files, options, credits), example game scene, plugins (scene and audio managers, logger, linter, resource viewer), placeholders (music, sfx), github workflows and various utility scripts. Godot 3 bendn's Godot Template - Game template using the gpm, with itch.io pushing and builds automated. Starter CLI included. Crystal Bit Godot Game Template - Opinionated game template. It includes continuous integration, scene loading with graphic transitions and game pause handling. First Person Starter - Template with First Person Controller, easily adjustable from the Inspector. Godot First Person Camera - A simple FPS starter with jumping, movement, flashlight and a player character with animations. Godot FPS Template - A free first person game template for the Godot Engine. Godot Game Of Life - Conway's Game of life using shaders. Godot-GameTemplate - Template with all necessary stuff taken care of. Designed for pixel art games. Minimum Game - Template top-down 2D pixel art game, with multiple rooms, a HUD, menus, and autosaving. Multiplayer First Person Shooter - Multiplayer first person shooter example project. Multiplayer Third Person Shooter - Multiplayer third person shooter example project. Demos Demos to learn GDScript, its concepts, and various game features. Godot 4 Kaleidoscope - A demo for interactive shaders in Godot. PlaneShooter - A 2D demo game to learn Godot 4. Godot 3 Godot Demo Projects - Official Godot demo projects (everything except the TPS demo). TPS Demo - Official Godot third person shooter (TPS) demo with high quality graphics. Godot experiments - Several 2D, 3D and VR experiments. OpenRPG - JRPG-style game demo and template. Open Source A-RPG Demo - RPG demo. Realistic Water Shader - Realistic 3D water shader with foam and caustics. The Tower - A voxel-based parkour game to show the capabilities of the Voxelman module. voxelgame - Minecraft-like voxel terrain demo, utilising the godot_voxel module. Godot 2 FPS Test - A singleplayer FPS test. Physics work, but there are no enemies and no proper shooting. Pathfinding 2d - A demo project demonstrating pathfinding using a tilemap. UDP Snapshot interpolation - Lets you connect to a server and view networked physics. UDP State synchronization - A more efficient networking demo than the snapshot interpolation one. Voxel Game - Minecraft-like voxel terrain demo. Tutorials Note The list of tutorials has moved to the Godot documentation. Plugins and scripts Scripts that let you do new stuff, or enhance Godot functionality. Godot 4 3D Auto Collision Generator - Generate collision for multiple 3D objects in one click. AnimatedShape2D - Animate a CollisionShape2D along with the frames of an AnimatedSprite2D. CReverter (Composite Reverter) - Memento-based undo/redo utility that supports composition. CSConnector (Contextual Signal/Setup Connector) - Provides a clean interface to dynamically find, setup, and connect to descendant nodes through the scene tree. CSLocator (Contextual Service Locator) - Provides a clean interface to register and find objects through the scene tree like localized singletons. Cyclops Level Builder - A level builder for quick prototypes and proof-of-concepts. Dialogue Engine - Minimalistic dialogue engine that fits into your GUI nodes and automatically graphs the branching dialogues for easy debugging. Dialogue Manager - A simple but powerful text based branching dialogue editor and runtime. (Godot 3 and 4) Event Audio - A simple event-based "fire and forget" audio triggering system. Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) - Fast Fourier Transform in GDScript. Friflo.Engine.ECS - High-performance C# ECS with simple API. Supports .NET, WASM/WebAssembly, Native AOT, Godot, Unity, MonoGame, ... (Godot 3 and 4) GdUnit4 - Godot Unit Testing Framework. Godot Google Play Game Services - Integrate Google Play Games Services in your Godot game. Godot NDI - Integrates the NDI SDK with Godot. Godot Spin Button - Horizontal Selector with extended options. Godot XR Tools - Basic components for XR development. GodotSx - Rx-like extensions for Godot's built-in signals. HCoroutines - Powerful C# coroutine library for Godot. Health, HitBoxes, HurtBoxes, and HitScans - 2D and 3D Components to manage health, damage, and healing. HTerrain - Heightmap-based terrain. Supports texture painting, colouring, holes, level of detail and grass. (Godot 3 and 4) Icon Explorer - Browse and save icons from popular icon collections. Importality - raster graphics and animations importers: Aseprite, Krita, Pencil2D, Piskel, Pixelorama and others. Input Helper - A helper for detecting input devices and remapping controls. (Godot 3 and 4) License Manager - Manage license and copyright for third party graphics, software or libraries. Group them into categories, add descriptions or web links. LimboAI - Behavior trees and state machines. Comes with editor, visual debugger, comprehensive demo and tutorial. Maaack's Game Template Plugin - Template with a main menu, options menus, pause menu, credits, scene loader, extra tools, and an example game scene. Maaack's Menus Template - Template with a main menu, options menus, credits, and a scene loader. Maaack's Scene Loader - Scene loader that includes a loading screen, progress bar, and error handling. NobodyWho - Local large language models (LLMs) for "AI-powered" NPC dialogue. Orchestrator - Dialog and visual-scripting subsystem for 2D and 3D games. PixelPen - Pixel art drawing and animation: Common drawing tools such as selection, shape creation, mirroring, tiling, and animation features within the Godot editor. QR Code - QR Code generation either with the included QRCodeRect node or use the encoding result of the QRCode class. Quest Manager - Minimalistic quest manager able to track quest state at runtime for easier debugging. Questify - A graph-based quest editor and manager. QuestSystem - A simple and extensible quest manager and creator. Scene Manager - Make nice and customizable scene transitions in one line of code. (Godot 3 and 4) Shaker - Plugin that adds shaking and emitters for cameras, nodes or any property in 2D and 3D. SignalVisualizer - Displays the current scene's signals and connections in a easy to read graph and tree dock. Simplified Flight Simulation library - A library that helps you create a simple airplane/helicopter/spaceship flight simulator. (Godot 3 and 4) SmartShape2D - A 2D terrain tool. (Godot 3 and 4) System Bar Color Changer - An Android plugin that enables you to dynamically change the colors of the status bar and navigation bar, and also supports enabling translucent system bars for a modern, immersive UI experience. Talo - A self-hostable game backend for managing players, leaderboards, stats, saving/loading data and more. TerraBrush - Minimal Terrain heightmap editor that features sculpting, painting textures, LOD, and MultiZones. ThemeGen - Easily create themes using GDScript code, allowing you to reuse styles, recombine them, and effortlessly reuse and share colours between components. Virtual Joystick - A virtual joystick for touchscreens. Simple to use and with useful options. (Godot 3 and 4) Your Buil - A plugin that makes it as easy as possible to use build data like git commit hashes in your build. Godot 3 2D Day/Night Cycle - A  Day /  Night cycle for 2D. 2D Destructible Objects - A script that takes a sprite, divides it into blocks and makes them explode. AgonesSDK - Plugin to add Agones SDK functionality to Godot. Anima - Run sequential and parallel animations with less code compared to Tween. AntialiasedLine2D - Higher-quality antialiased Line2D and Polygon2D drawing compared to the default Godot implementation (GLES3 + GLES2, all platforms). Aseprite Wizard - Plugin for importing animations from Aseprite as SpriteFrames. AutoColliders - Allows the automatic generation of colliders for Sprites, with planned expansion to handle 3D meshes in the future. BoxCam2D - Simplest way to implement grid-based 2D camera movement. Cartographer - Heightmap-based 3D terrain editor. Code Snapshot - A plugin which lets you take beautified screenshots of your code within the editor. CRT Shader - A Godot shader that simulates CRT Displays with many shader parameters. CSG Mesh Exporter (.OBJ) - Export CSG nodes to OBJ meshes to improve editing performance. Debanding Material Shader - Simple material shader with added debanding noise, for use with the GLES2 renderer as it doesn't support full-screen debanding. Delaunator GDScript - A GDScript library for Delaunay triangulation of 2D points. Dialogic - Create dialogs, characters and scenes to display conversations. Dijkstra map for Godot - A GDNative project for Godot game engine, that introduces Dijktra Map pathfinding node. Discord.gd - Discord bot API wrapper. Make bots in 100% GDScript. EffekseerForGodot3 - Import Effekseer particle effects. Escoria - Point & click adventure game framework. (Godot 2 and 3) FMOD GDNative - Plugin to use the FMOD audio engine in GDScript. Funexpected Flash Tools - Adobe Animate (Flash) plugin that allows you to export a project for a Godot Engine. GDGIFExporter - GIF exporter made entirely in GDScript. gdstats - A library of pseudorandom number generators for common statistical distributions. GdUnit3 - Godot Unit Testing Framework. GitHub integration - Interact with GitHub without opening your browser. godotccd - Fast 3D collision checks in Godot using libccd. godotdetour - A GDNative implementation of the detour/detourcrowd library. GodotDiscordSDK - A GDNative wrapper for the Discord Game SDK, adding support for its functionality in GDScript without recompiling the engine (as opposed to something like godotcord which is a custom engine module). Godot GamePad - Allows players to use their mobile devices as controllers. Godot Gif Getter - An in-game utility for recording and saving GIFs (written in GDNative Rust). Godot Google Play Games Services - Integrate Google Play Games Services in your Godot game. godot-ink - A C# (Mono) plugin to integrate stories writen in ink, a scripting language for writing interactive narrative. Godot Mixing Desk - Make procedural sound and adaptive/procedural music with a few nodes and a couple lines of code. Godot NExt - A set of basic node extensions. GodotNotificationCenter - A notification center. GodotOnReady - A C# (Mono) alternative to the GDScript-only onready keyword, without reflection. GodotPhoenixChannels - A GDScript and Godot Engine implementation for the Channels API of the Phoenix Framework. godot-ply - In-editor box modelling for gray boxing or prototyping 3D levels. Godot Polygon 2D Fracture - Two simple scripts for fracturing and cutting polygons. GodotRx - Reactive extensions for Godot C# (Mono). Godot SQLite - GDNative wrapper for SQLite, making it possible to use SQLite databases as data storage in your project. GodotTIE - Text Interface Engine to control text output (like in a RPG dialogue). (Godot 2 and 3) Godot-Trail-System - Advanced 2D/3D trail system. Godot VirtualJoystick - A simple vitual joystick for mobile devices. GUT - Utility for writing unit tests in GDScript. InGrid - Infinite scrolling grid. Kehom's Godot Addon Pack - A collection of addons for debugging, networking, UI, and more. Level of Detail (LOD) - Level of detail add-on for meshes, lights and particles. Can improve performance in large scenes. Line Collider 2D - A script which adds colliders that follow an array of Line2Ds (useful for prototypes). MDFramework - A C# multiplayer framework with additional tools (Mono). NativeLib - Plugin management system designed to easily operate with native libraries for iOS/Android. It also takes care about plugin dependencies and provides hassle-free native libs updating. Attribution and analytics: Adjust, Amplitude, AppsFlyer, Flurry, GameAnalytics, Tenjin. Ads networks and mediation: AdColony, AppLovin, TapDaq. GDPR and privacy: App Tracking Transparency, Ogury. Social: Facebook. Universal backend solution: Firebase. NI mate Motion Capture - Animate Skeletons with a Microsoft Kinect sensor. obs-websocket-gd - Script and editor plugin to control Open Broadcaster Software from Godot via obs-websocket. Qodot - Quake .map file support for Godot. Lets you use TrenchBroom for level design. Ridiculous Coding - Makes your coding experience in Godot 1000 more ridiculous. Scatter - Randomly fill an area with props or other scenes. Scrolling Background - A scrolling background node. (Godot 2 and 3) Shell Fur - 3D fur node for Godot. SimpleGodotCRTShader - A simple Godot shader that simulates CRT Displays. (Godot 2 and 3) StoryTeller Engine - Dialog and interactive fiction engine. Tiled importer - Import maps from Tiled. TileSet Builder - Quickly build tilesets with style. Tree generator - Tool for generating trees. UI Design Tool - Intuitive design workflow for UIs in the editor. Volumetrics - Voxel-based volumetric lighting and fog plugin. Voxel-Core - GDScript voxel plugin for creating, importing and editing voxel content in-engine and in-game. VPainter - 3D vertex painting plugin. Waterways - Tool to generate river meshes with flow and foam maps based on Bzier curves. Wwise - Wwise audio middleware integration. XSM - A fully-featured hierarchical State Machine with parallel states, easy animation, random states and more. Yume Visual Novel Editor - An integrated editor for creating visual novel games. Godot 2 Auto Tile Layer - Allows automatic 2D tiling using RPG Maker's Autotile format. Grass Plugin - A plugin to handle huge amounts of grass, foliages and other vegetations. gterm - GUI control that draws something similar to *nix terminal emulators. SUTjoystick - Easy gamepad support for GNU/Linux and Windows. Godot version unknown Camera2D Screen Shake - Screen shake effect for Camera2D. Easing Script - A port of the Robert Penner's equations for easing. GDSerCommPlugin - A plugin to read Arduino serial input (needs custom engine modules). gdutils - Utilities for Godot written in GDScript. Godot Game Tools - Blender plugin to ease importing assets into Godot. Godot Radial Menu - A radial menu written in shader code for performance. Godot Recipes - A large collection of tutorials and techniques, both big and small. Godot Shaders - A large library of free and open-source shaders for 2D and 3D. Polygon Merge - Merge polygons. Simplex 2D/3D - Simplex deterministic noise functions. Tileset Builder - Build tilesets. Modules Stuff integrated into Godot core (C++). Godot 4 Entity Spell System - An entity and spell system for complex (optionally multiplayer) RPGs. (Godot 3 and 4) FMOD GD4 - FMOD Studio API integration. Godex - An entity component system library. godot-box2d - A Box2D physics server for Godot. GodotHook - A lite custom event system for Godot Engine. (Godot 3 and 4) godot-jolt - Allows you to use the Jolt Physics Engine. godot-luaAPI - Module for creating sandboxed modding APIs with Lua. (Godot 3 and 4) godot-rapier-2d - A 2D Rapier physics server for Godot. Keyring - Utility to interact with the OS keyring to store credentials. Texture Packer - Tools to layer, pack, and merge textures at runtime. (Godot 3 and 4) Voxelman - A voxel engine with more focus on editor integration, gameplay-related features, and extendability. (Godot 3 and 4) Godot 3 Flash Module - Use Adobe Animate (Flash) projects in Godot. FMOD Integration - Module to integrate the FMOD audio engine in Godot. Gdnet for Godot 3 - An ENet wrapper for Godot 3. GodotAIGym - Make your Godot project into an OpenAI Gym environment to train RL models with PyTorch. godot-apple-id - Module for sign in with Apple in Godot. godotcord - A wrapper for the Discord Game SDK. godot-python - Python support for Godot 3. godot-simple-state - A minimal finite state machine using nodes, perfect for Jam games. Godot-Slicer - A port of Ezy-Slicer for Godot. GodotSteam - Steam API library binding for Godot. Supports Windows, macOS and Linux. godot-voxel - Module for creating volumetric worlds. Goost - A general-purpose, extensible and customizable extension. PortAudio - Wrapper methods and Godot-friendly types to use PortAudio. Speech to Text - Captures the user's microphone input and converts it to text. spout-gd - Share OpenGL textures across Windows applications through your GPU using Spout. Godot version unknown godot-anl - A wrapper for Accidental Noise Library with a visual noise editing support. godot-enet-better - A better ENet module for high-performance multiplayer games with Godot. Head tracking using OpenCV Open Adaptive Music Library NativeDialogs - Using native dialogs in Godot. RawPacker - Simple binary packing/unpacking for RawArray. spine - Spine animation support module. WaterSplash 2D node GDScript/C# editor support Add-ons for text editors that implement GDScript or C# support. Atom - Syntax highlighting. Emacs - Syntax highlighting, code folding, indentation and autocompletion. Geany - Syntax highlighting. Gedit - Syntax highlighting. IntelliJ IDEA - Syntax highlighting and autocompletion. JetBrains Rider (C#) - Syntax highlighting, autocompletion and run configurations. Kakoune - Syntax highlighting. GNU Nano - Syntax highlighting. Sublime Text - Syntax highlighting. Vim - Syntax highlighting, autocompletion and linting using the LSP server provided by the Godot editor. Also supports the Godot shader language. Visual Studio Code godot-tools Visual Studio Code Extension - A complete set of tools to code games with Godot Engine in Visual Studio Code. Includes a GDScript language client. C# Tools for Godot Visual Studio Code Extension - Debugger and utilities for working with Godot C# projects in VSCode. GUT Visual Studio Code Extension - Run GUT framework unit/integration tests directly from the Visual Studio Code Editors. gdformat Visual Studio Code Extension - Formatter for GDScript in Visual Studio Code. Themes Engine themes Alternative themes for the entire Godot engine editor. Catppuccin Theme - A soothing pastel theme offered in four different flavors. Godot Minimal Theme - A theme that aims to correct odd spacing and formatting in the default Godot theme without changing the overall look and feel. Syntax themes Alternative themes for the built-in script editor. base16-godot - All base16 themes. Godot syntax themes - 13 syntax themes including Ayu Mirage, Darcula, Gruvbox Dark, Monokai, One Dark, Solarized, and more. Syntax themes by Geequlim - Chester, Google Code Light and Monokai. Unofficial Godot builds Those builds will let you use recent versions of Godot Git, but they may be less stable than official ones  use at your own risk. bend-n's 2D builds - Godot builds optimized for size with these modules disabled. Also includes misc non breaking patches. Bash scripts Bash scripts can be placed in ~/.local/bin. build-godot - (and build-godot-mono) Scripts that compile and run Godot, attempting to install dependencies if needed. godot.sh - Script that automatically downloads and launches latest version of Godot, or compiles and launches the Git master branch. godot-wrapper - Script that helps Debian and Ubuntu users install and use Godot. replicate-file.sh - Script to update copies of a file with one master file. Websites Godot Asset Library - Official Godot Asset Library. Includes user-created games, projects, templates, demos, tutorials, plugins, and scripts. Godot Shaders - A community-driven shader library for the Godot game engine. Other Other stuff. asdf-godot - Godot plugin for the asdf version manager. codetranslator - Translates GDScript to C# (WIP). gd2cs.py - Python script that converts GDScript code to C# (WIP). gd-com npm package - Communicate with Godot clients using Node.js. godot-actions - Composite actions for exporting, setting up, and pushing Godot projects to itch.io through Github Actions. godot-ci - Docker image to export Godot games through CI. Includes GitLab CI script example. godot-gdscript-toolkit - Independent set of command line tools for working with GDScript - parser, linter and formatter. RetroPie Godot Game Engine "Emulator" - A scriptmodule to install a Godot "emulator" for RetroPie. strip-to-frames.pl - Perl script to split a grid spritesheet image into numbered individual frame files. Godot Package Manager - Package manager for Godot using npm. zfoo - Java game server framework for Godot, including GDScript serialization and deserialization. About A curated list of free/libre plugins, scripts and add-ons for Godot Topics awesome game-development godot awesome-list godot-engine Resources Readme License CC-BY-4.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Security policy Security policy Activity Custom properties Stars 7.8k stars Watchers 235 watching Forks 433 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Sponsor this project https://fund.godotengine.org/ Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 148 + 134 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.