GitHub - carpedm20/awesome-hacking: A curated list of awesome Hacking tutorials, tools and resources Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert carpedm20 / awesome-hacking Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 1.6k Star 13.9k A curated list of awesome Hacking tutorials, tools and resources License MIT license 13.9k stars 1.6k forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 23 Pull requests 8 Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights carpedm20/awesome-hacking masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History214 CommitsLICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md books.mdbooks.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEMIT licenseAwesome Hacking -An Amazing Project A curated list of awesome Hacking. Inspired by awesome-machine-learning If you want to contribute to this list (please do), send me a pull request! For a list of free hacking books available for download, go here Table of Contents System Tutorials Tools Docker General Reverse Engineering Tutorials Tools General Web Tools General Network Tools Forensic Tools Cryptography Tools Wargame System Reverse Engineering Web Cryptography Bug bounty CTF Competition General OS Online resources Post exploitation tools ETC System Tutorials Roppers Computing Fundamentals Free, self-paced curriculum that builds a base of knowledge in computers and networking. Intended to build up a student with no prior technical knowledge to be confident in their ability to learn anything and continue their security education. Full text available as a gitbook. Corelan Team's Exploit writing tutorial Exploit Writing Tutorials for Pentesters Understanding the basics of Linux Binary Exploitation Shells Missing Semester Tools Metasploit A computer security project that provides information about security vulnerabilities and aids in penetration testing and IDS signature development. mimikatz - A little tool to play with Windows security Hackers tools - Tutorial on tools. Docker Images for Penetration Testing & Security docker pull kalilinux/kali-linux-docker official Kali Linux docker pull owasp/zap2docker-stable - official OWASP ZAP docker pull wpscanteam/wpscan - official WPScan docker pull metasploitframework/metasploit-framework - Official Metasploit docker pull citizenstig/dvwa - Damn Vulnerable Web Application (DVWA) docker pull wpscanteam/vulnerablewordpress - Vulnerable WordPress Installation docker pull hmlio/vaas-cve-2014-6271 - Vulnerability as a service: Shellshock docker pull hmlio/vaas-cve-2014-0160 - Vulnerability as a service: Heartbleed docker pull opendns/security-ninjas - Security Ninjas docker pull noncetonic/archlinux-pentest-lxde - Arch Linux Penetration Tester docker pull diogomonica/docker-bench-security - Docker Bench for Security docker pull ismisepaul/securityshepherd - OWASP Security Shepherd docker pull danmx/docker-owasp-webgoat - OWASP WebGoat Project docker image docker pull vulnerables/web-owasp-nodegoat - OWASP NodeGoat docker pull citizenstig/nowasp - OWASP Mutillidae II Web Pen-Test Practice Application docker pull bkimminich/juice-shop - OWASP Juice Shop docker pull phocean/msf - Docker Metasploit General Exploit database - An ultimate archive of exploits and vulnerable software Reverse Engineering Tutorials Begin RE: A Reverse Engineering Tutorial Workshop Malware Analysis Tutorials: a Reverse Engineering Approach Malware Unicorn Reverse Engineering Tutorial Lena151: Reversing With Lena Tools Disassemblers and debuggers IDA - IDA is a Windows, Linux or Mac OS X hosted multi-processor disassembler and debugger OllyDbg - A 32-bit assembler level analysing debugger for Windows x64dbg - An open-source x64/x32 debugger for Windows radare2 - A portable reversing framework plasma - Interactive disassembler for x86/ARM/MIPS. Generates indented pseudo-code with colored syntax code. ScratchABit - Easily retargetable and hackable interactive disassembler with IDAPython-compatible plugin API Capstone Ghidra - A software reverse engineering (SRE) suite of tools developed by NSA's Research Directorate in support of the Cybersecurity mission Decompilers JVM-based languages Krakatau - the best decompiler I have used. Is able to decompile apps written in Scala and Kotlin into Java code. JD-GUI and Luyten have failed to do it fully. JD-GUI procyon Luyten - one of the best, though a bit slow, hangs on some binaries and not very well maintained. JAD - JAD Java Decompiler (closed-source, unmaintained) JADX - a decompiler for Android apps. Not related to JAD. .net-based languages dotPeek - a free-of-charge .NET decompiler from JetBrains ILSpy - an open-source .NET assembly browser and decompiler dnSpy - .NET assembly editor, decompiler, and debugger native code Hopper - A OS X and Linux Disassembler/Decompiler for 32/64-bit Windows/Mac/Linux/iOS executables. cutter - a decompiler based on radare2. retdec snowman Hex-Rays Python uncompyle6 - decompiler for the over 20 releases and 20 years of CPython. Deobfuscators de4dot - .NET deobfuscator and unpacker. JS Beautifier JS Nice - a web service guessing JS variables names and types based on the model derived from open source. Other nudge4j - Java tool to let the browser talk to the JVM dex2jar - Tools to work with Android .dex and Java .class files androguard - Reverse engineering, malware and goodware analysis of Android applications antinet - .NET anti-managed debugger and anti-profiler code UPX - the Ultimate Packer (and unpacker) for eXecutables Execution logging and tracing Wireshark - A free and open-source packet analyzer tcpdump - A powerful command-line packet analyzer; and libpcap, a portable C/C++ library for network traffic capture mitmproxy - An interactive, SSL-capable man-in-the-middle proxy for HTTP with a console interface Charles Proxy - A cross-platform GUI web debugging proxy to view intercepted HTTP and HTTPS/SSL live traffic usbmon - USB capture for Linux. USBPcap - USB capture for Windows. dynStruct - structures recovery via dynamic instrumentation. drltrace - shared library calls tracing. Binary files examination and editing Hex editors HxD - A hex editor which, additionally to raw disk editing and modifying of main memory (RAM), handles files of any size WinHex - A hexadecimal editor, helpful in the realm of computer forensics, data recovery, low-level data processing, and IT security wxHexEditor Synalize It/Hexinator - Other Binwalk - Detects signatures, unpacks archives, visualizes entropy. Veles - a visualizer for statistical properties of blobs. Kaitai Struct - a DSL for creating parsers in a variety of programming languages. The Web IDE is particularly useful for reverse-engineering. Protobuf inspector DarunGrim - executable differ. DBeaver - a DB editor. Dependencies - a FOSS replacement to Dependency Walker. PEview - A quick and easy way to view the structure and content of 32-bit Portable Executable (PE) and Component Object File Format (COFF) files BinText - A small, very fast and powerful text extractor that will be of particular interest to programmers. General Open Malware Web Tools Spyse - Data gathering service that collects web info using OSINT. Provided info: IPv4 hosts, domains/whois, ports/banners/protocols, technologies, OS, AS, maintains huge SSL/TLS DB, and more... All the data is stored in its own database allowing get the data without scanning. sqlmap - Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool NoSQLMap - Automated NoSQL database enumeration and web application exploitation tool. tools.web-max.ca - base64 base85 md4,5 hash, sha1 hash encoding/decoding VHostScan - A virtual host scanner that performs reverse lookups, can be used with pivot tools, detect catch-all scenarios, aliases and dynamic default pages. SubFinder - SubFinder is a subdomain discovery tool that discovers valid subdomains for any target using passive online sources. Findsubdomains - A subdomains discovery tool that collects all possible subdomains from open source internet and validates them through various tools to provide accurate results. badtouch - Scriptable network authentication cracker PhpSploit - Full-featured C2 framework which silently persists on webserver via evil PHP oneliner Git-Scanner - A tool for bug hunting or pentesting for targeting websites that have open .git repositories available in public CSP Scanner - Analyze a site's Content-Security-Policy (CSP) to find bypasses and missing directives. Shodan - A web-crawling search engine that lets users search for various types of servers connected to the internet. masscan - Internet scale portscanner. Keyscope - an extensible key and secret validation tool for auditing active secrets against multiple SaaS vendors Decompiler.com - Java, Android, Python, C# online decompiler. General Strong node.js - An exhaustive checklist to assist in the source code security analysis of a node.js web service. Network Tools NetworkMiner - A Network Forensic Analysis Tool (NFAT) Paros - A Java-based HTTP/HTTPS proxy for assessing web application vulnerability pig - A Linux packet crafting tool findsubdomains - really fast subdomains scanning service that has much greater opportunities than simple subs finder(works using OSINT). cirt-fuzzer - A simple TCP/UDP protocol fuzzer. ASlookup - a useful tool for exploring autonomous systems and all related info (CIDR, ASN, Org...) ZAP - The Zed Attack Proxy (ZAP) is an easy to use integrated penetration testing tool for finding vulnerabilities in web applications mitmsocks4j - Man-in-the-middle SOCKS Proxy for Java ssh-mitm - An SSH/SFTP man-in-the-middle tool that logs interactive sessions and passwords. nmap - Nmap (Network Mapper) is a security scanner Aircrack-ng - An 802.11 WEP and WPA-PSK keys cracking program Nipe - A script to make Tor Network your default gateway. Habu - Python Network Hacking Toolkit Wifi Jammer - Free program to jam all wifi clients in range Firesheep - Free program for HTTP session hijacking attacks. Scapy - A Python tool and library for low level packet creation and manipulation Amass - In-depth subdomain enumeration tool that performs scraping, recursive brute forcing, crawling of web archives, name altering and reverse DNS sweeping sniffglue - Secure multithreaded packet sniffer Netz - Discover internet-wide misconfigurations, using zgrab2 and others. RustScan - Extremely fast port scanner built with Rust, designed to scan all ports in a couple of seconds and utilizes nmap to perform port enumeration in a fraction of the time. PETEP - Extensible TCP/UDP proxy with GUI for traffic analysis & modification with SSL/TLS support. Forensic Tools Autopsy - A digital forensics platform and graphical interface to The Sleuth Kit and other digital forensics tools sleuthkit - A library and collection of command-line digital forensics tools EnCase - The shared technology within a suite of digital investigations products by Guidance Software malzilla - Malware hunting tool IPED - Indexador e Processador de Evidncias Digitais - Brazilian Federal Police Tool for Forensic Investigation CyLR - NTFS forensic image collector CAINE- CAINE is a Ubuntu-based app that offers a complete forensic environment that provides a graphical interface. This tool can be integrated into existing software tools as a module. It automatically extracts a timeline from RAM. Cryptography Tools xortool - A tool to analyze multi-byte XOR cipher John the Ripper - A fast password cracker Aircrack - Aircrack is 802.11 WEP and WPA-PSK keys cracking program. Ciphey - Automated decryption tool using artificial intelligence & natural language processing. Wargame System OverTheWire - Semtex OverTheWire - Vortex OverTheWire - Drifter pwnable.kr - Provide various pwn challenges regarding system security Exploit Exercises - Nebula SmashTheStack HackingLab Reverse Engineering Reversing.kr - This site tests your ability to Cracking & Reverse Code Engineering CodeEngn - (Korean) simples.kr - (Korean) Crackmes.de - The world first and largest community website for crackmes and reversemes. Web Hack This Site! - a free, safe and legal training ground for hackers to test and expand their hacking skills Hack The Box - a free site to perform pentesting in a variety of different systems. Webhacking.kr 0xf.at - a website without logins or ads where you can solve password-riddles (so called hackits). fuzzy.land - Website by an Austrian group. Lots of challenges taken from CTFs they participated in. Gruyere Others TryHackMe - Hands-on cyber security training through real-world scenarios. Cryptography OverTheWire - Krypton Bug bounty Awesome bug bounty resources by EdOverflow Bug bounty - Earn Some Money Bugcrowd Hackerone Intigriti Europe's #1 ethical hacking and bug bounty program. CTF Competition DEF CON CSAW CTF hack.lu CTF Pliad CTF RuCTFe Ghost in the Shellcode PHD CTF SECUINSIDE CTF Codegate CTF Boston Key Party CTF ZeroDays CTF Insomnihack Pico CTF prompt(1) to win - XSS Challenges HackTheBox General Hack+ - An Intelligent network of bots that fetch the latest InfoSec content. CTFtime.org - All about CTF (Capture The Flag) WeChall CTF archives (shell-storm) Rookit Arsenal - OS RE and rootkit development Pentest Cheat Sheets - Collection of cheat sheets useful for pentesting Movies For Hackers - A curated list of movies every hacker & cyberpunk must watch. Roppers CTF Fundamentals Course - Free course designed to get a student crushing CTFs as quickly as possible. Teaches the mentality and skills required for crypto, forensics, and more. Full text available as a gitbook. OS Online resources Security related Operating Systems @ Rawsec - Complete list of security related operating systems Best Linux Penetration Testing Distributions @ CyberPunk - Description of main penetration testing distributions Security @ Distrowatch - Website dedicated to talking about, reviewing and keeping up to date with open source operating systems Post exploitation tools empire - A post exploitation framework for powershell and python. silenttrinity - A post exploitation tool that uses iron python to get past powershell restrictions. PowerSploit - A PowerShell post exploitation framework ebowla - Framework for Making Environmental Keyed Payloads ETC SecTools - Top 125 Network Security Tools Roppers Security Fundamentals - Free course that teaches a beginner how security works in the real world. Learn security theory and execute defensive measures so that you are better prepared against threats online and in the physical world. Full text available as a gitbook. Roppers Practical Networking - A hands-on, wildly practical introduction to networking and making packets dance. No wasted time, no memorizing, just learning the fundamentals. Rawsec's CyberSecurity Inventory - An open-source inventory of tools, resources, CTF platforms and Operating Systems about CyberSecurity. (Source) The Cyberclopaedia - The open-source encyclopedia of cybersecurity. GitHub Repository About A curated list of awesome Hacking tutorials, tools and resources Topics awesome hacking Resources Readme License MIT license Activity Stars 13.9k stars Watchers 617 watching Forks 1.6k forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 76 + 62 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.