GitHub - petk/awesome-jquery: A curated list of awesome jQuery plugins, resources and other shiny things. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert petk / awesome-jquery Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 142 Star 950 A curated list of awesome jQuery plugins, resources and other shiny things. 950 stars 142 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights petk/awesome-jquery masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History144 Commits.travis.yml.travis.yml CODE_OF_CONDUCT.mdCODE_OF_CONDUCT.md CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md README.mdREADME.md awesome-jquery.pngawesome-jquery.png awesome-plugin.mdawesome-plugin.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductAwesome jQuery A curated list of awesome jQuery plugins, resources and other shiny things. Inspired by the awesome-* trend on GitHub. jQuery is a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library. It makes things like HTML document traversal and manipulation, event handling, animation, and Ajax much simpler with an easy-to-use API that works across a multitude of browsers. With a combination of versatility and extensibility, jQuery has changed the way that millions of people write JavaScript. Table of contents Resources Tutorials Books Free Books Paid Books Blogs Miscellaneous Resources Plugins Animation Editors Forms Images, Maps and Charts Menus Modals and Popups Tables Time and Date Translations Validation Miscellaneous Plugins Mobile UI Testing Server-side Integrations Community Alternatives Looking for more lists like this? Contributing and License Resources Awesome learning material to get to know jQuery and JavaScript or learn something more advanced. Some friendly advice: Before diving deep into jQuery learn JavaScript well. API documentation - Official jQuery documentation. Code School - Learn the basics of jQuery, a JavaScript library, to modify elements on a webpage and improve user interaction. Codecademy jQuery track - Beginners track for learning jQuery. Learning jQuery - Tips, techniques, and tutorials for the jQuery JavaScript library. Style guides - jQuery's code style guides when contributing to jQuery projects. Tuts+ - Useful and indepth articles about jQuery. jQuery guide for teams - Tips to write consistent jQuery code, easy to use and understand by your team. Tutorials Awesome free tutorials and courses to learn jQuery. jQuery patterns - A variety of jQuery plugin patterns for jump starting your plugin development. Learning jQuery Design Patterns - jQuery Plugin Design Patterns Learn jQuery - jQuery learning center. Snoopcode - jQuery tutorials. Extending jQuery - Extending jQuerys selector capabilities. Free jQuery Courses at Classpert - List of Free jQuery Courses at Classpert Online Course Search Back to top Books Recommended and not too much outdated jQuery books. Free Books JavaScript plus a dash of JQuery - A Sensible Introduction to Coding with JavaScript and jQuery, by Nicholas Johnson. jQuery Succinctly, Syncfusion (PDF, mobi, epub) (Registration required). jQuery fundamentals - Comfortable working through common problems you'll be called upon to solve using jQuery. Paid Books jQuery in Action, Third Edition - Fast-paced and complete guide to jQuery, by Bear Bibeault, Yehuda Katz, and Aurelio De Rosa. jQuery: Novice to Ninja: New Kicks And Tricks - fast track to mastering jQuery, by Earle Castledine & Craig Sharkie. Learning jQuery - Fourth Edition - Guide to jQuery, by Jonathan Chaffer and Karl Swedberg. Back to top Blogs Interesting jQuery related blogs and websites. jQuery Blog - News from the official jQuery website. jQuery UI Blog - Official jQuery UI blog. Sitepoint - Sitepoint's jQuery category section with useful articles. Smashing Magazine - jQuery tag, useful jQuery articles and tutorial alike blog posts. Back to top Miscellaneous Resources Various types of resources. jQuery Foundation - Providing jQuery and many other projects home and support. jQuery Source Viewer - Browser of jQuery method implementations. Alternative jQuery Documentation Browser - Faster way to browse the jQuery documentation. TodoMVC - Helps you select JavaScript framework. Same Todo application created in multiple popular JavaScript MV* frameworks including jQuery. jQuery CheatSheet Programming Community Curated Resources for Learning jQuery HTML Tutorial by Scaler Back to top Plugins Awesome plugins from all across the jQuery universe. Plugins - Registry of jQuery plugins, previous one is now in read-only mode. jQuery Rain - Top & Best jQuery plugins, tutorials, cool effects, examples, demos. jQuery Unheap - A tidy repository of jQuery plugins. Back to top Animation Animations, transitions. Animsition - A simple and easy jQuery plugin for CSS animated page transitions. fakeLoader.js - Lightweight plugin that helps you create an animated spinner with a fullscreen loading mask to simulate the page preloading effect. Fullpage.js - Create full screen pages fast and simple. jQuery Transit - Super-smooth CSS3 transformations and transitions for jQuery. Material Design Preloader!s - Recreation of the Material Design preloader. Midnight - Switches fixed headers on the fly. Parallax.js - Scrolling effect. Scrollify - Assists scrolling and snaps to sections. Touch optimised. Waves - Click effect inspired by Google's Material Design. jQuery DrawSVG - Lightweight, simple to use jQuery plugin to animate SVG paths jQuery Particles - A plugin to easily add Particles animations to your web application Back to top Editors WYSIWYG editors. Froala WYSIWYG HTML Editor - jQuery WYSIWYG Rich Text Editor based on HTML5. Hallo - Simple rich text editor (contentEditable) for jQuery UI. jQuery Notebook - A modern, simple and elegant WYSIWYG rich text editor. jQuery TE - Lightweight HTML editor. TinyMCE - Popular WYSIWYG editor with jQuery build and a jQuery integration plugin. Back to top Forms Plugins for Forms, AJAX, validation. Bootstrap Multiselect - Multiselect for Bootstrap. File Upload - File Upload widget with multiple file selection, drag&drop support, progress bar, validation and preview images, audio and video. Ideal Forms - Framework for building and validating responsive HTML5 forms. jQuery Form Plugin - Easy and unobtrusive HTML forms upgrade to use AJAX. jquery-minicolors - A tiny color picker plugin. Justified Gallery - Allows you to create a gallery with a justified grid. Labelauty - A lightweight and beautiful plugin for radio and checkbox inputs. Payform - A library (with jQuery plugin) for building credit card forms, validating inputs, and formatting numbers. Pickadate - The mobile-friendly, responsive, and lightweight date & time input picker. Select2 - Select box with support for searching, tagging, remote data sets, infinite scrolling. selectize.js - jQuery based hybrid of a textbox and <select> box. Back to top Images, Maps and Charts Plugins related to images, image manipulation, galleries, maps and charts. AnyChart-jQuery - Plugin for easily using AnyChart JavaScript charting library with jQuery. Arbor - Graph visualization library using web workers and jQuery. BackStretch - jQuery plugin that allows you to add a dynamically-resized, slideshow-capable background image to any page or element. Chart.js - Simple HTML5 Charts using the <canvas> tag. Cropper - A simple image cropping plugin. Dense.js - Serving retina-ready, high pixel ratio images with ease. Flot - Attractive charts. Gridder - Displays a thumbnail grid expanding preview similar to the effect seen on Google Images. jquery.sparkline - Generate small sparkline charts. jQuery.eraser - Erasing image with mouse or touch movements. jQuery Mapael - Plugin based on raphael.js that allows you to display dynamic vector maps. jQueryGantt - Gantt editor. jQuery Images Compare - Plugin for comparing two images. Nivo Slider - Beautiful and easy to use image slider. Owl Carousel 2 - Responsive carousel slider. Slick - The last carousel you'll ever need. Peity - Progressive <svg> pie, donut, bar and line charts. Unite Gallery - Responsive jQuery image and video gallery plugin. Viewer - A simple jQuery image viewing plugin. JQuery-linechart - Simple and lightweight library for creating line charts Back to top Menus Menus animation, usability enhancements and beautification. jQuery contextMenu - Management facility for context menus. jPanelMenu - Creates a paneled-style menu (like the type seen in the mobile versions of Facebook, Google and native iPhone applications). jQuery-menu-aim - Fires events when user's cursor aims at particular dropdown menu items. mmenu - App look-alike on- and off-canvas menus with sliding submenus. Multi-level push menu - Allows endless nesting of navigation elements. Slidebars - jQuery framework for off-canvas menus and sidebars. stickUp - Sticks an element to the top of the browser window while scrolling past it, always keeping it in view. Superfish - Adds usability enhancements to existing multi-level drop-down menus. Yamm - Yet another megamenu for Bootstrap 3. Back to top Modals and Popups Plugins for modals (dialog box/popups), tooltips, and similar popup windows. animatedModal.js - Plugin for creating fullscreen modals with CSS3 transitions. You can use the transitions from animate.css or create your own. Avgrund - Plugin for your modal boxes and popups with new concept of showing depth between popup and page. Bootstrap Modal - Extends the default Bootstrap Modal class. Responsive, stackable and ajax. iziModal - Elegant, responsive, flexible and lightweight modal plugin with jQuery. jBox - Powerful and flexible plugin which takes care of all modal windows, tooltips and notices. jQuery Modal - Simple and lightweight method of displaying modal windows. jQuery Popup Overlay - Responsive and accessible modal windows and tooltips. Lightbox - JavaScript library used to overlay images on top of the current page. Magnific Popup - Fast, light and responsive lightbox plugin. SweetAlert - A beautiful replacement for JavaScript's alert. tipso - A Lightweight Responsive jQuery Tooltip Plugin. vex - A modern dialog library which is highly configurable and easy to style. Back to top Tables Grid plugins and plugins for creating and showcasing data in form of tables. Bootgrid - A grid control especially designed for bootstrap. Bootstrap table - A powerful table control designed for bootstrap. DataTables - Advanced interaction controls for HTML tables. FancyGrid - JavaScript grid library with charts integration and server communication. Filter Table - Live searching/filtering for HTML tables. FloatThead - Sticky headers. Supports responsive, window and overflow scrolling. FooTable - Make HTML tables responsive. Isotope - Filter & sort magical layouts. HighchartTable - Simple way to convert HTML data tables to Highcharts graphs. jqGrid - Grid plugin. jQuery treetable - Show a tree structure in a table. jsGrid - Lightweight grid plugin. Stackable.js - Stacking tables on small screens. Stupid Table Sort - A stupidly small and simple jQuery table sorter plugin. tableExport.jquery.plugin - Export HTML table to JSON, XML, CSV, TXT, SQL, Word, Excel, PNG or PDF. jquery.table-shrinker - make HTML Table responsive across all devices, the right way! Back to top Time and Date Plugins for handling, manipulating or formating time and date. jQuery Timer Plugin - Start/Stop/Resume/Remove pretty timer inside any HTML element. Timeago - Easy support of automatic updating fuzzy timestamps (e.g. "4 minutes ago"). Back to top Translations Internationalization (i18n) and localization (l10n). i18n properties - Lightweight plugin for providing internationalization to JavaScript from .properties files jquery.i18n - jQuery based Javascript internationalization library for easy internationalization of web application jquery.localize.js - Easy internationalization of your static web site Back to top Validation Validation plugins. FormValidation - Form fields validator, designed for Bootstrap, Foundation, Pure, Semantic UI, UIKit and other frameworks. h5Validate - An HTML5 form validation plugin for jQuery. jQuery Form Validator - Validate user input while keeping your HTML markup clean from JavaScript code. jquery-validation - Drop-in validation for your existing forms, while making all kinds of customizations to fit your application really easy. jQuery.validationEngine - Validation of form fields in the browser. jQuery-form-validation - Validatie html forms using Laravel syntax. Back to top Miscellaneous Plugins Plugins that couldn't be sorted in above categories yet. Boilerplate - A jump-start for jQuery plugins development. Interlink - Event interlink plugin. Sisyphus - Gmail-like client-side drafts and bit more. Slugify - Creates a URL slug as you type a page title (like Django slugify()). Readmore.js - A lightweight jQuery plugin for collapsing and expanding long blocks of text with "Read more" and "Close" links. Yahoo! Emoticons - Yahoo! Emoticons JQuery Plugin. autoNumberic - autoNumeric is a standalone library that provides live as-you-type formatting for international numbers and currencies. Back to top Mobile Mobile section. jQuery mobile - Lightweight framework for building mobile web apps with HTML5. Interdimensional - Spatial scrolling on mobile devices for your web pages. OhSnap!.js - A simple jQuery/Zepto notification library designed to be used in mobile apps. Back to top UI User Interface section. Dragula - Framework agnostic drag and drop library, supports jQuery integration. jQuery UI - Curated set of user interface interactions, effects, widgets, and themes built on top of the jQuery. jQuery Enhanced Splitter - Create draggable content splitters to emulate frames and separate content. tabulous.js - Tabs for todays web X-editable - In-place editing with Twitter Bootstrap, jQuery UI or pure jQuery. macon - Tiny utility (430B) to create reactive jquery components using a JSX-like syntax. Back to top Testing Unit tests, testing section. Qunit - A JavaScript Unit Testing framework, used by the jQuery, jQuery UI and jQuery mobile projects. Mockjax - Provides a simple and extremely flexible interface for mocking or simulating ajax requests and responses. Back to top Server-side Integrations Best practices of integrating client-side jQuery with server-side technologies. Node.js: Bower - Useful package manager optimized for the front-end. cheerio - jQuery for server-side manipulations. It makes possible to construct jQuery instance from HTML string then query and manipulate it. Does not implement ajax and effects API. PHP: PHP front end setup without Node - Tutorial how to combine BowerPHP, Mini-Asset and Robo.li into a PHP front end asset building pipeline. symfony-collection - jQuery Plugin that manages adding, deleting and moving elements from a Symfony2 collection. Python: django-static-jquery - jQuery packaged in an handy Django app to speed up new applications and deployment. Ruby: jquery-rails - A gem to automate using jQuery with Rails. jquery-ui-rails - jQuery UI for the Rails asset pipeline. Back to top Community Ask and answer questions, share and get jQuery related stuff and get in touch with the community. Forum - Official forum. Freenode - Support IRC channel for users of jQuery, jQuery UI, and jQuery Mobile. Stack Overflow - Support on Stack Overflow. Facebook - Large and active group on Facebook. Linked.in - Large and active group on Linked.in. Reddit - Discussion and sharing news, articles, plugins and tutorials, covering jQuery Core, jQuery UI, jQuery Mobile, and other related projects. Quora - Ask and answer questions on Quora website. Meetup - Get involved locally. Twitter - Official news and updates from the jQuery team on Twitter. Back to top Alternatives Alternative implementations of jQuery API. cash - small jQuery alternative for modern browsers. Includes all API with deliberate exception for ajax. Zepto - small jQuery alternative, which includes ajax, effects and additional utilities. jBone - jQuery implementation to use with Backbone. Supports only subset of API which is required for Backbone to work. Can be a byte-saver if you don't intend to use jQuery directly, but have Backbone in your project. Back to top Looking for more lists like this? Awesome lists: awesome - Awesome lists awesome-all - Awesome lists emijrp/awesome-awesome - Awesome lists erichs/awesome-awesome - Awesome lists GetAwesomeness - Awesome lists lists - Awesome lists awesome-javascript - Awesome JavaScript list awesome-javascript-books - Awesome JavaScript books js-must-watch - List of must-watch videos devoted to JavaScript Translations: Chinese - Chinese translation of Awesome jQuery. Back to top Contributing and License You are most welcome to contribute to this awesome jQuery list as well. Big thanks to all contributors who have helped to build this list. To the extent possible under law, Peter Kokot has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. Back to top About A curated list of awesome jQuery plugins, resources and other shiny things. Topics javascript jquery awesome awesome-list Resources Readme Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 950 stars Watchers 59 watching Forks 142 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 29 + 15 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.