GitHub - egeerardyn/awesome-LaTeX: Curated list of LaTeX awesomeness Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert egeerardyn / awesome-LaTeX Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 100 Star 1.5k Curated list of LaTeX awesomeness License View license 1.5k stars 100 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights egeerardyn/awesome-LaTeX masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History218 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows figfig .codeclimate.yml.codeclimate.yml CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSE.mdLICENSE.md README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMELicenseAwesome LaTeX This is a curated list of awesome stuff for the (La)TeX typesetting system. Contents Contents Distributions Docker Images Engines LaTeX formulas on the web Editors LaTeX-focused General purpose text editors Online editors Bibliography tools Build Tools GitHub Actions Misc. Tools LaTeX-compatible GUI tools Packages References Tables Graphics PSTricks TikZ Source Code Typography Presentations, Slides Templates Symbols Resources Showcases Tutorials Books Blogs Social media Meta Awesome-LaTeX Legend Learning LaTeX Guides how to learn LaTeX Distributions MacTeX - Most common LaTeX distribution for macOS, basically TeXLive with some Mac-specific tools added. TeX Live - Most common LaTeX distribution for Unix-like operating systems, including GNU/Linux. Also works on Windows. MikTeX - Most common LaTeX distribution for Windows, but also available for Mac, Linux or as Docker image. Docker Images When one aims for a ready-to-run LaTeX environment without installing, Docker images might be the choice. reitzig/texlive-docker - minimal TeXLive system with package installation possibility Island of TeX/texlive - debian-based full TeXLive system dante-ev/docker-texlive - debian-based full TeXLive system with additions with pandoc, perl, and python pre-installed Engines pdfTeX - TeX compiler that produces PDF files immediately instead of DVI files (nowadays, this is the standard compiler for many users). XeTeX - TeX compiler that provides better unicode and font support than TeX/pdfTeX (i.e. you can use the fonts of your operating system instead of only TeX fonts). LuaTeX - (La)TeX compiler that supports Lua code for scripting and has improved unicode and font support than standard TeX/pdfTeX. tectonic - Modern, self contained (La)TeX compiler powered by XeTeX and TeXLive. LaTeX formulas on the web Auto-LaTeX Equations with Google Docs - Render high-quality math equations directly in Google Docs. MathJaX - JavaScript engine to render mathematical formulas on the web. The outcome looks really slick. mimeTeX - mimeTeX is a rather old tool to render LaTeX formulas to PNG figures for your web site, without actually needing a LaTeX installation on your server. mathTeX - mathTeX is the successor of mimeTeX: it produces nicer-looking images but it requires LaTeX to be installed on your server. KaTeX - KaTeX is a math rendering library made by Khan Academy focusing on fast load times. All output is processed as plain HTML instead of fixed images. Franklin.jl - Static site generator with KaTeX support, code evaluation, LaTeX-like commands and optional pre-rendering, in Julia. xhub - Browser extension that lets you use LaTeX in GitHub pages. Editors Because editing LaTeX code with notepad is not awesome. There are many editors out there, below are the most awesome editors. A complete list of LaTeX editors is collected at tex.stackexchange.com as big list of LaTeX Editors/IDEs. List of popular LaTeX editors - Community-maintained list of popular LaTeX editors including a screenshot and a short description. LaTeX-focused Some of the most awesome editor for LaTeX do just that: edit LaTeX. Kile - Great LaTeX editor originally from the Linux/KDE community. It runs fine on Windows and macOS as well. TeXMaker - Pretty good alternative to Kile. TeXStudio - Cross-platform LaTeX editor that stems from TeXMaker. WinEdt - The LaTeX editor many people swear by. Only for . TeXnicCenter - Quite old but free and decent editor for LaTeX. LyX - Cross-platform WYSIWYM editor that uses LaTeX behind the scenes to render documents. TeXShop - No-nonsense editor for LaTeX documents which is included in MacTeX. TeXWorks - No-nonsense editor for LaTeX code, modeled after TeXShop, but this one is cross-platform. BakomaTex - Commercial LaTeX editor that allows to edit your document both using its source code and WYSIWYG. Texifier - Commercial LaTeX editor for macOS and iOS, with excellent features (document overview, synchronised PDF display, autocompletion, sync across devices, etc.) that never get in the way of writing. General purpose text editors These editors are no one-trick ponies: sure, they edit LaTeX, but they can do a lot more! Atom LaTeXTools - Atom port of the Sublime Text package of the same name. Sublime Text LaTeXing - Free plug-in to edit LaTeX. LaTeXTools - Free LaTeX plugin for Sublime Text. Emacs AucTeX - Emacs plugin for LaTeX that also shows a preview of equations and figures. RefTeX - Emacs plugin for LaTeX that adds support for labels, references, and citations. Vim Vim-LaTeX LaTeX Live Preview - Instantly previews your LaTeX document. vimtex - Modern vim plugin for editing LaTeX files. Has a variety of features including live preview and forward search. IntelliJ TeXiFy-IDEA - Free LaTeX plugin for IntelliJ IDEA. VS Code LaTeX Workshop - LaTeX extension for Visual Studio Code LTeX - LanguageTool grammar/spell checking a-nau/latex-devcontainer - Devcontainer setup for easy LaTeX usage without local installation Online editors Online editors that allow you to edit documents collaboratively. List of popular online LaTeX editors - Community-maintained list of popular online LaTeX editor including equation editors. Authorea - Online editor with built-in git support and bibliography tools. ShareLaTeX - Has pretty great LaTeX documentation and simple version control. Overleaf - Online editor, also with a WYSIWYM editor and git support. WebLaTeX - Web-based vscode with Git Integration + Copilot + Grammar & Spell Checker + Live Collaboration Support based on GitHub Codespace and Dev container. Papeeria - Online editor with built-in git support. JaxEdit - Online LaTeX editor with Live Preview and nice presentation mode. Bibliography tools JabRef - Very powerful cross-platform (Java) bibtex editor. Papis - Extremely customizable, powerful and simple cross-platform (Python) library manager. It has a very complete Command-Line-Interface, several GUIs and scripting capability. Bibdesk - Great bibliography editor for . Zotero - Reference manager for your browser that also exports to bibtex and integrates with many LaTeX editors. Mendeley - Both an app and cloud client to manage your references and PDFs. Can sync out to a bibtex file for your LaTeX workflow. betterbib - Command-line utility for improving your BibTeX files. Fetches information from online sources. Build Tools Compiling LaTeX documents can be tedious, build tools help you to manage the compilation process. Arara (GitHub repo) - Simple tool that allows you to specify which tools to call inside your document and it can be extended quite easily. latexmk - Build tool that is the commonly used by many LaTeX editors (LaTeXing, TeXShop, etc.) to build your LaTeX files. GitHub Actions xu-cheng/latex-action - GitHub Action to compile LaTeX documents dante-ev/latex-action - DANTE e.V.'s GitHub action to compile LaTeX documents. Offers a full TeXLive and pre-installed perl and python. Misc. Tools CaTeX - Concatenates LaTeX documents with attention for properly merging the preamble. Pandoc - This program converts almost any document format (LaTeX, DOC, markdown, etc.) to almost any other format. A great tool to aid workflows where multiple formats are used. Quality Check Tools ChkTeX - Linter / code checker for LaTeX documents. blacktex - Command-line tool that replaces commonly occurring LaTeX anti-patterns and cleans up your files. TeXtidote - A cross-platform (Java) spelling, grammar and style checker for LaTeX documents. Tools centered around equations Codecogs Eqn Editor - Online LaTeX equation editor that allows you to produce figures containing an equation. EqualX - Graphical LaTeX formula editor. KLaTeXFormula - Cross-platform alternative for LaTeXit. Laeqed - Crossplatform LaTeX formula to PNG convertor. LaTeXEqEdit - LaTeX formula editor for Windows. LaTeXiT - LaTeXit is an equation editor that makes it easy to drag-and-drop rendered equations (as PDF, PNG, etc.) into your non-LaTeX documents on the Mac. pix2tex - LaTeX OCR LaTeX-compatible GUI tools TikzEdt (also: GitHub repo) - WYSIWYG and text-based editor for TikZ pictures. TikZ-Editor - Live-previewing editor for TikZ figures. IPE - Drawing tool that integrates well with LaTeX commands and documents. GeoGebra - Cross-platform geometry tool with output to TikZ. Dia - Cross-platform diagramming tool that can export to PSTricks and MetaPost code. TikZiT - GUI tool for creating graphs and string diagrams using PGF/TikZ. LaTeXDraw - Vector-based drawing tool having LaTeX as first-class citizen. Packages CTAN - The Comprehensive TeX Archive Network is the place to look for useful packages and documentation. References Cross-reference packages explained - Elaboration on cross-reference packages (cleveref, varioref, theoremref, nameref, etc.): Which to use, which conflict? Tables Excel2LaTeX - Excel (2010 and older) macros to produce LaTeX tabular code. csv2latex - Converts CSV files from your favorite programs to LaTeX tabulars. Tables Generator - This website provides a graphical interface to input your table and produces properly-formatted code for LaTeX, Markdown, HTML, etc. pgfplotstable - This package displays numerical tables rounded to desired precision in various display formats. It can even read CSV files to include directly in your LaTeX document. Graphics PSTricks PSTricks is a great library to draw figures for inclusion in PostScript/DVI files. TikZ TikZ is an awesome package with many plugins that allow you to create figures from within your LaTeX documents. Typically, it is easier to get to work with pdflatex than PSTricks is. TeXample - Blog about LaTeX, with a big collection of TikZ figures. LaTeX en SI - Useful website with some custom packages to draw special plots (Bode, Nyquist, electrical schematics, block schematics, etc.) using TikZ. Note that everything is in French. pgfplots - Truly awesome plotting library on top of and in the style of TikZ/pgf. This library can load in CSV data files, perform some calculations and create beautiful plots. A very minimal introduction to TikZ (PDF) - Short introductory document to the world of TikZ, written by Jacques Crmer. PetarV-/TikZ - Collection of publication-ready PGF/TikZ figures by Petar Velikovi. matlab2tikz - Convert your MATLAB plots to PGFPlots/TikZ. tikzplotlib - Convert your matplotlib plots to PGFPlots/TikZ. TikZBlog - Step-by-Step Tutorials about How to Draw Illustrations in LaTeX. Source Code minted - The minted package uses pygments to generate the listings. In this way, LaTeX is able to format more than 300 programming and markup languages and other text formats. Typography microtype - This package improves the appearance of your documents by enabling margin kerning and font expansion. Presentations, Slides nics - An opinionated alternative to Beamer, that we created with the hopes to make common tasks very easy and beautifully rendered by default. Has awesome documentation and a detailed cheatsheet to help you getting started. Templates LaTeX templates - Collection of templates for papers, posters, resums, theses, books, presentations,  for LaTeX. Ultimate Beamer Theme List - Links to various beamer themes along with PDF previews. LaTeX Beamer Theme Overview - Visual overview of beamer themes included in TeXLive Symbols Comprehensive LaTeX symbol list - Very extensive list of symbols for LaTeX. Available in A4 and letter sizes. Detexify - You draw the symbol and this site/app will tell you the LaTeX command. Resources TUG - The TeX User Group is a way to get in touch with other (La)TeX users. TeXDoc - Online interface to the texdoc utility to browse LaTeX packages and documentation. Dickimaw Books: LaTeX resources - Great overview of resources useful for LaTeX. LaTeX cookbook - Sibling of TeXample, contains quite a bit of example code. Visual FAQ - Typesetting issues and a link to appropriate TeX FAQ answers. MartinThoma's LaTeX example - GitHub repository containing example LaTeX documents. LaTeX community - Forum about LaTeX. German: Neue TeX FAQ - Modern and updated LaTeX FAQ in German. BibTeX Style Examples - Example output of common BibTeX styles (BST files). TeX World - Websites supported by the TeX Users Group, DANTE, and GUTenberg. TeXnique - A LaTeX Typesetting Game. Showcases Showcase of beautiful typography done in TeX & friends - Set of examples demonstrating the power of LaTeX. Showcase of beautiful invitations in TeX - Showcase of invitations typeset using LaTeX. Showcase of "programming your document" paradigm - Collection of LaTeX documents demonstrating how LaTeX can be used like a programming language. TUG: TeX showcase - Website from the TUG that shows some examples of what LaTeX can do. Awesome LaTeX drawing - Curated list of academic drawing examples for using LaTeX Tutorials LearnLaTeX.org - Browser-based LaTeX tutorial. The (Not So) Short Introduction to LaTeX2e - Very comprehensive introduction to LaTeX. Begin LaTeX in minutes - Brief intro to LaTeX for beginners that helps you use LaTeX with ease. Getting to Grips with LaTeX - Complete guide going through the majority of things you need to know about LaTeX. LaTeX introductions in languages other than English - Collection of introductions in many languages. Books Wikibooks: LaTeX - The LaTeX wikibook. Not really a paper book, but it is equally extensive. The LaTeX Companion, F. Mittelbach (2004) LaTeX Graphics Companion, M. Goossens (2007) TeX by Topic (2007) TeX for the Impatient (2020) Formatting Information (2020) - This is the HTML5-based online version of the book Formatting Information - An introduction to typesetting with LATEX. It has been continuously updated since the early 2000s. Blogs TeXblog - Blog about LaTeX and everything related. texblog.org - Blog on LaTeX and related topics (tutorials, packages, code snippets, etc.). TeX Talk - Blog for the TeX Stack Exchange site with news and interviews. TeX Hour - A weekly video meeting Social media LinkedIn: TeX/LaTeX User Group Twitter: @TeXtip - Tips related to (La)TeX by John D. Cook. TeX.StackExchange - StackExchange TeX section. TopAnswers TeX - a free and open source Q&A site for TeX and friends Meta Awesome-LaTeX If you want to contribute, please do read our CONTRIBUTING guidelines. Legend The icons indicating Mac, Linux and Windows compatibility show when a program is only available for those platforms. So absence of those icons means that the software is fully cross-platform. Logo Description macOS GNU/Linux Microsoft Windows Free Open-Source Software All trademarks are property of their respective owners. About Curated list of LaTeX awesomeness Resources Readme License View license Activity Stars 1.5k stars Watchers 27 watching Forks 100 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 28 + 14 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.