GitHub - IAmCoder/awesome-lucid-dreams: A hand-picked collection of the best lucid dreaming apps, research papers, books, forums, discord servers, podcasts, games, movies, YouTube channels, and techniques. Find open-source projects, sleep tracking software, reality checks, mindfulness exercises, and everything you need to explore and master lucid dreaming. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert IAmCoder / awesome-lucid-dreams Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 2 Star 77 A hand-picked collection of the best lucid dreaming apps, research papers, books, forums, discord servers, podcasts, games, movies, YouTube channels, and techniques. Find open-source projects, sleep tracking software, reality checks, mindfulness exercises, and everything you need to explore and master lucid dreaming. License CC0-1.0 license 77 stars 2 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights IAmCoder/awesome-lucid-dreams mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History92 CommitsLICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Lucid Dreams A curated list of everything awesome related to lucid dreaming. In the psychology subfield of oneirology, a lucid dream is a type of dream wherein a person that is dreaming realizes that they are dreaming during their dream. The capacity to have lucid dreams is a trainable cognitive skill. Contents Open-Source Projects Forums Discord Servers YouTube Channels Podcasts Meetups Magazines Games Apps Research Studies Books Movies Mindfulness Exercises Audio Programs Reality Checks Open-Source Projects Dreamento - DReam ENgenieering TOolbox is Python-based program for dream engineering while monitoring/analyzing real-time EEG data. INSPEC - A night-vision smart camera that detects eye movements during REM sleep and triggers audio and visual alerts to promote lucidity. Fitbit Lucid Trainer - A Fitbit SDK 5.0 App to capture sleep related data and send to an external REST service. Dream Journal App - A Dream Journal that uses Google Drive. lucidsourcekit - An all-you-need toolkit for lucid dreaming including a binaural beats player and much more. Lightened Dream - A dream journal designed for lucid dreamers. Dormio - Dormio influences the semi-lucid state of mind known as hypnagogia, which occurs just before falling asleep, by playing audio cues. Forums r/LucidDreaming - Learn and share how to induction methods & techniques, post questions, challenges, articles, resources, and scientific news. DreamViews - All about lucid dreaming, controlling dreams, lucid aids, sleep stages and dream signs. Attrape-Songes - French forum with interesting experiments worth translating. Klartraumforum - German forum with interesting experiments worth translating. Discord Servers OmniLucid - A knowledgeable space with active events that consistently provide new videos, guides, and stories pertaining to lucid dreaming. Lucid-Dash - A welcoming community of lucid dreamers of all skill levels, active chat with experienced lucid dreamers, tons of resources, videos and tutorials to help you lucid dream. Dream Caf - A place to share your dream stories, get help and hang out with experienced lucid dreamers from around the world. Tech for Dreaming - A community focused on the application of technology to make lucid dreaming more accessible. Klartrumen - The German server for lucid dreaming, with a scientific background, dream reports and discussions, livestreams, and gaming. YouTube Channels Lucid Dream Portal - Easy to follow tutorials and expert advice from one of the world's leading lucid dreaming teachers. TIGER123 - Dives into techniques for inducing lucid dreams, exploring dream symbolism, and enhancing dream control, with a mix of tutorials, personal experiences, and insights from the latest dream research. Tipharot - All about lucid dreaming and similar subjects. Skyfall Blind Dreamer - Interacts with creators in the field of lucid dreaming and provides quality information to get people on the right path to a solid and sustainable lucidity practice. Podcasts Lucid Dreaming Podcast by The Lucid Guide - Talks about lucid dreaming techniques, tutorials, and mind hacking. The Lucid Dreaming Podcast by Lucid Sage - Covering theory, philosophy, practice and gadgets for lucid dreaming. Meetups Tech for Dreaming - A community focused on the application of technology to make lucid dreaming more accessible. Magazines Lucid Dreaming Experience - A free, reader supported, quarterly magazine which is totally devoted to lucid dreaming and the lucid dreamer's experience. Games DARQ - An adventure game that tells the story of Lloyd, a boy who becomes aware of the fact that he is dreaming. Apps Android Lucid Scribe - Lucid dream induction tools: targeted lucidity reactivation (TLR), targeted dream incubation (TDI), prospective memory trainer for MILD, mnemonic inductions, reality checks, auto-off alarm, guided mindfulness exercises, electronic FILD with NREM1 (sleep onset) detection, REM detection with the INSPEC device. Awoken - Dream journal, reality checking, dream cues, dream patterns and achievements. Sleep as Android - Smart alarm clock with sleep cycle tracking. Lucidity - App with innovative features to help you lucid dream, keep a dream journal, and analyze your dreams. iOS Lucid-Dash - Dream journal, AI image generation, lucid dreaming courses, reality checks. DreamWell - Dream journal, notifications, and lucid dreaming and mindfulness courses. Mind Awake - The guided course in this app offers a dynamic, mindful approach to lucid dreaming. Shape - Learn to lucid dream in 30 days with the ultimate lucid dreaming coach. Lucidity - Learn to Lucid Dream + Journal. Research Studies Lucid Dreaming Verified by Volitional Communication During REM Sleep (LaBerge, S., et al. 1981) - Provided the first physiological verification of lucid dreaming using pre-agreed eye movement signals during REM sleep. Induction of Lucid Dreams: A Systematic Review of Evidence (Stumbrys, T., et al. 2012) - Reviewed various lucid dream induction techniques, finding MILD, WBTB, and external stimuli (light & sound cues) to be the most effective. Neural Correlates of Dream Lucidity (Dresler et al., 2012) - fMRI and EEG research identified increased prefrontal cortex activity during lucid dreams, linking metacognition to lucidity. Metacognitive Mechanisms Underlying Lucid Dreaming (Filevich, E., Dresler, M., et al. 2015) - Showed that lucid dreamers exhibit superior metacognitive abilities in wakefulness, particularly in self-awareness and cognitive control. The Cognitive Neuroscience of Lucid Dreaming (Baird, B., et al. 2018) - Reviewed neuroscientific literature on lucid dreaming, suggesting links between lucid dreaming and real-world cognitive benefits. Targeted Lucidity Reactivation During REM Sleep Using Real-Time Sleep Spindles Detection (Carr, M., et al. 2020) - Developed an open-source iOS/watchOS application to perform targeted lucidity reactivation, facilitating the testing of this method in various settings. Real-Time Dialogue Between Experimenters and Dreamers During REM Sleep (Konkoly, K. R., et al. 2021) - Demonstrated that real-time communication with lucid dreamers is possible via eye movements and facial muscle signals. Two-Way Communication in Lucid REM Sleep Dreaming (Baird, B., LaBerge, S., et al. 2021) - investigated the feasibility of establishing real-time, bidirectional communication with individuals during lucid REM sleep. Highly effective verified lucid dream induction using combined cognitive-sensory training and wearable EEG: a multi-centre study (Carr, M., et al. 2024) - Demonstrated that combining SSILD-based cognitive training with targeted lucidity reactivation (TLR) and multimodal sensory cues during REM sleep, facilitated by wearable EEG technology, can effectively induce lucid dreams in a laboratory environment. Provoking lucid dreams at home with sensory cues paired with pre-sleep cognitive training (Whitmore, N., et al. 2024) - Found that targeted lucidity reactivation (TLR) significantly increased the frequency of lucid dreams among participants, demonstrating that TLR can be effectively implemented with minimal technical requirements outside of a laboratory setting. Books Exploring the World of Lucid Dreaming by Stephen LaBerge - Goes far beyond the confines of pop dream psychology, establishing a scientifically researched framework for using lucid dreaming. The techniques you'll learn in this exciting workbook will make your nightly dream journeys more enjoyable, increase your understanding of yourself, and make you realize that the possibilities of expanding consciousness are far greater than you might think. Lucid Dreaming: A Concise Guide to Awakening in Your Dreams and in Your Life by Stephen LaBerge - Distilled from his more than 20 years of pioneering research at Stanford University and the Lucidity Institute, including many new and updated techniques and discoveries. Lucid Dreaming: Gateway to the Inner Self by Robert Waggoner - Proposes 5 stages of lucid dreaming and guides readers through them, offering advice for those who have never experienced the lucid dream state and suggestions for how experienced lucid dreamers can advance to a new level. Are You Dreaming?: Exploring Lucid Dreams: A Comprehensive Guide by Daniel Love - In this comprehensive and modern guide to lucid dreaming, you will be guided on a unique journey through the fascinating exploration of your mind. Just about everything you could possibly need to know about lucid dreaming. A Field Guide to Lucid Dreaming: Mastering the Art of Oneironautics by Dylan Tuccillo - This lively dream guide shows step-by-step how to become lucid, and then what to do once awake in the dream world. Learn to Lucid Dream: Powerful Techniques for Awakening Creativity and Consciousness by Kristen LaMarca - This methodical introduction teaches you both the science and spirituality of dreaming. You will practice developing dream awareness and apply the discoveries you make while sleeping towards improving your waking hours. Far Journeys by Robert A. Monroe - Parapsychological odyssey that reflects a decade of research into the psychic realm beyond the known dimensions of physical reality. The Tibetan Yogas of Dream and Sleep by Tenzin Wangyal Rinpoche - The ultimate goal of Tibetan dream yoga is the recognition of the nature of mind or enlightenment itself. The practice of dream yoga is a powerful tool of awakening, used for hundreds of years by the great masters of the Tibetan traditions. Dream Yoga and the Practice of Natural Light by Chogyal Namkhai Norbu - Instructions for developing clarity within the sleep and dream states. Goes beyond the practices of lucid dreaming by presenting methods for guiding dream states that are part of a broader system for enhancing self-awareness. Movies The Matrix - When a beautiful stranger leads computer hacker Neo to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence. Waking Life - A man shuffles through a dream meeting various people and discussing the meanings and purposes of the universe. Your Name - Two strangers find themselves linked in a bizarre way. Paprika - Reality and the dream world are on a collision course after a device that can record dreams and allows therapists to enter their patients' dreams is stolen from a psychiatric research facility. Inception - A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O., but his tragic past may doom the project and his team to disaster. Mindfulness Exercises UC San Diego Center for Mindfulness - Guided exercises on mental noting, awareness of breath, and body scan. UCLA Mindful Awareness Research Center - Guided exercises on breath, sound, and body awareness. The Free Mindfulness Project - Guided exercises on breath, sound, body awareness and self guided exercises. AudioDharma - Guided exercises on giving attention and appreciating awareness of the moment. Audio Programs Lucid Dreaming Series - This four-exercise series is designed to teach you how to program and consciously participate in your own personal dreamscape. Discover Your Worlds Of Dreams - Meditative sessions specifically designed to help you to have lucid dreams which are helpful and relevant to your life situations. Reality Checks Reality checks are tests that are performed to check if you are dreaming. Finger Through Hand - Push your index finger through the palm of the other hand. How Did I Get Here - Recall the steps that got you to your current location. Nose Pinch - Squeeze your nose closed with your index finger and thumb and try to take a breath. Finger Counting - Look closely at your hands for any unusual patterns and count your fingers. Levitation - Imagine what it would feel like to fly around in your surroundings and visualize yourself doing so; after enough daydreaming you will at least have a dream in which you can fly. About A hand-picked collection of the best lucid dreaming apps, research papers, books, forums, discord servers, podcasts, games, movies, YouTube channels, and techniques. Find open-source projects, sleep tracking software, reality checks, mindfulness exercises, and everything you need to explore and master lucid dreaming. Topics awesome awesome-list lucid-dreaming Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 77 stars Watchers 1 watching Forks 2 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.