GitHub - ocaml-community/awesome-ocaml: A curated collection of awesome OCaml tools, frameworks, libraries and articles. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert ocaml-community / awesome-ocaml Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 176 Star 2.9k A curated collection of awesome OCaml tools, frameworks, libraries and articles. 2.9k stars 176 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 2 Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights ocaml-community/awesome-ocaml masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History627 Commitsbooksbooks paperspapers presentationspresentations .travis.yml.travis.yml README.mdREADME.md colour-logo.pngcolour-logo.png View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEAwesome OCaml Everything you'll ever need on the road to mastering OCaml. A curated list of references to awesome OCaml tools, frameworks, libraries, and articles. Additionally, there is a collection of freely available books, papers, and presentations. If you're looking for comprehensive community-driven content about OCaml, visit OCamlverse! For a quick introduction to the modern OCaml development workflow, consult the Up and Running with OCaml tutorial. Your favorite package is not listed? Fork and create a Pull Request to add it! Contents Community Algorithms and Data Structures Application Libraries Benchmarking Blogs Books Videos Code Analysis and Linters Compilers and Compiler Tools Concurrency Databases Datetime Developer Tools Exercises and Short Examples Formal Software Verification General Graphics Internationalization User Interface Language-related Large Source Code Examples Logging Machine Learning Messaging Metaprogramming Metrics Mobile Applications Networking Online Courses Package Management Parallelism Project Starter Templates Printers helpers Questions Regular Expressions Science and Technical Computing Security and Cryptography Semantic Technology Serialization System Programming Testing Utilities Web Development Community Official OCaml Website OCaml Discourse Web Forum OCaml Discord Chat Official OCaml Mailing List OCaml Planet OCaml SubReddit Algorithms and Data Structures Comparing a Machine Learning Algorithm Implemented in F# and OCaml OCamlgraph  A generic graph library for OCaml. ods  A large collection of data structures and algorithms for OCaml. combine  OCaml library for combinatorics https://www.lri.fr/~filliatr/combine/. Decompress - A pure OCaml implementation of Zlib. Ke - Fast implementation of queue (FIFO) in OCaml. Duff - Implementation of Rabin's fingerprint and delta compression by P. MacDonald in OCaml (same as libXdiff ORaft - Library of Raft consensus algorithm implemented in OCaml ODiff  Library of YIQ NTSC transmission image difference alghoritm implemented in OCaml and ReasonML. Application Libraries Batteries Included  A community-maintained foundation library for your OCaml projects. Cmdliner  Declarative definition of command line interfaces for OCaml. Core  Jane Street Capital's full-fledged standard library overlay. A portable subset of Core is also available: Core_kernel. Base - Jane Street Capital's dependency-free, quick-compiling, fully-portable across any environment that can run OCaml code standard library. React  React is an OCaml module for functional reactive programming (FRP). It provides support for programs with time-varying values, declarative events, and signals. Minicli  Minimalist library for command-line parsing. easy-format  Pretty-printing library for OCaml. ocaml-rpc  Light library to deal with RPCs in OCaml. ocaml-containers  A lightweight, modular standard library extension, string library, and interfaces to various libraries (bigarrays, Unix, etc.) BSD license. Benchmarking core_bench  Micro-benchmarking library for OCaml by Jane Street. - Getting Started with Core_bench benchmark  Benchmarking functions for measuring the run-time of functions using latency or throughput. Blogs Gagallium Type OCaml  Many things about OCaml OCaml Platform Drup's Thingies Thomas Letans articles about OCaml Books More OCaml: Algorithms, Methods, and Diversions  In More OCaml, John Whitington takes a meandering tour of functional programming with OCaml, introducing various language features and describing some classic algorithms. The book ends with a large-scale example dealing with the production of PDF files. There are questions for each chapter, along with worked-out answers and hints. How to Think Like a (Functional) Programmer by Allen Downey and Nicholas Monje  How to Think Like a Computer Scientist is an introductory programming textbook based on the OCaml language. It is a modified version of Think Python by Allen Downey. It is intended for newcomers to programming and also those who know some programming but want to learn programming in the function-oriented paradigm, or those who simply want to learn OCaml. OCaml from the Very Beginning by J. Whitington - OCaml from the Very Beginning will appeal both to new programmers and experienced programmers eager to explore functional languages such as OCaml. Pearls of Functional Algorithm Design by Richard Bird - It summarizes 30 hard algorithmic problems in the function programming world. Although it is for Haskell, the algorithm problems are very interesting, and trying to solve them in OCaml also helps the thinking of functional programming. Partial solutions in OCaml are here. Real World OCaml by Y. Minsky, A. Madhavapeddy, and J. Hickey - Functional Programming for the masses. Unix System Programming in OCaml by X. Leroy and D. Rmy  Introduction to Unix Systems Programming, with an emphasis on communications between processes. Using, Understanding, and Unraveling OCaml  This book describes both the OCaml language and the theoretical grounds behind its powerful type system. Purely Functional Data Structures - This is the first or only book focus on various data structures in FP world. A must-read one. OCaml for Scientists - by Jon Harrop. OCaml Programming: Correct + Efficient + Beautiful - Textbook on Functional Programming and Data Structures in OCaml - by Michael R. Clarkson et al. Videos - OCaml Programming: Correct + Efficient + Beautiful - List of 200 bite-sized videos recorded by Michael R. Clarkson. It can be watched independently of the textbook titled the same and listed above in the Books section. Code Analysis and Linters Mascot - Mascot is a style-checker for OCaml sources. pfff  pfff is a set of tools and APIs to perform some static analysis, dynamic analysis, code visualizations, code navigations, or style-preserving source-to-source transformations such as refactorings on source code. Infer - Infer is a static analyzer for Java, C and Objective-C Frama-C - Frama-C is a static analysis and formal proof framework for C and C++. flow - flow is a static type checker for JavaScript. SLAyer - SLAyer is an automatic formal verification tool that uses separation logic to verify memory safety of C programs. MemCAD - MemCAD is an abstract interpreter for shape analysis. MemCAD can verify C programs manipulating complex data structures. Camelot - Camelot is a modular and fully configurable OCaml linter and stylechecker. coq-of-ocaml - Translator from OCaml to Coq to formally verify OCaml code. MOPSA - MOPSA is a generic framework for building sound static analyzers based on the theory of abstract interpretation. Program analysis BAP - BAP is a reverse engineering and program analysis platform that targets binary programs. BinCat - BinCat is a binary code static analysis toolkit. cwe_checker - cwe_checker finds vulnerable patterns in binary executables. Owi - Owi is a toolchain for working with WebAssembly (Wasm) in OCaml, featuring a powerful, parallel symbolic execution engine for Wasm. It also provides frontends for compiling and analyzing C and Rust programs. Smt.ml - Smt.ml is a frontend OCaml library that interfaces with multiple SMT solvers, enabling seamless integration of solvers like Z3, cvc5, Colibri2, Bitwuzla, and Alt-Ergo within OCaml programs. Compilers and Compiler Tools Languages and Compilers: Caramel - Caramel is a functional language for building type-safe, scalable, and maintainable applications. cDuce - cDuce is a modern XML-oriented functional language with innovative features. Compcert C Compiler - It is a C Compiler supporting most of the ISO C90 and C99 / ANSI C features. Eff Programming Language - Eff is a functional language with handlers of not only exceptions, but also of other computational effects such as state or I/O. Hack Programming Language Haxe Programming Language Neko Programming Language - Originally the compiler was written in OCaml. Mazeppa - A modern supercompiler for call-by-value functional languages. Mezzo Programming Language - Mezzo is a programming language in the ML tradition, which places strong emphasis on the control of aliasing and access to mutable memory. OCaml-Java - OCaml to Java bytecode compiler. Opa Programming Language Rhine  A Lisp on LLVM written in OCaml. Rust Programming Language - Originally written in OCaml before bootstrapping. Quick C-- Target Language - It is now a dead project. Github Repo. Alternative website. tis-interpreter - An interpreter for finding subtle bugs in programs written in standard C Reason - Friendly syntax & toolchain for OCaml by Facebook. RaML - Resource Aware ML (RaML) is a tool that automatically and statically computes resource-use bounds for OCaml programs. Liquid ML - Shopify's Liquid Templating language for OCaml. Parser and Lexer Generators: Opal  Self-contained monadic parser combinators for OCaml. Sedlex is a modern, encoding-agnostic (read: Unicode-supporting) lexer generator (the ppx-based successor to ulex.) Menhir  Menhir is a LR(1) parser generator for OCaml. See ocaml-parsing for a clearer example of using Menhir and Sedlex to produce a useful parser, ... and Obelisk, a neat project to produce readable LaTeX, HTML, or plain-text EBNF-style documentation for your grammar. ocamllex/ocamlyacc  lex and yacc implementation for OCaml. Angstrom - Parser combinators built for speed and memory efficiency Articles: Kaleidoscope: Implementing a Language with LLVM in Objective Caml Concurrency Two concurrency libraries exist in OCaml: Lwt and Async. They provide very similar functionality but make radically different decisions with regards to error handling and internal implementation details (see the links below for more details). Real World OCaml uses Async, but a version of the code examples translated to Lwt is also available. Libraries: Lwt  A cooperative threads library for OCaml. Async  A monadic concurrence library to go with the Core library. Articles: The blog post that introduced Async A user gives up on Async Cooperative Concurrency in OCaml: A Core.Std.Async Example. There is also an ongoing experimental project to make OCaml multiprocessor and multicore aware at OCaml multicore fork. Databases Bindings Dbm  A binding to the NDBM/GDBM Unix "databases". Mongo.ml  An OCaml driver for Mongodb PG'OCaml  A type-safe interface to PostgreSQL in pure OCaml. ppx_pgsql  A syntax extension for embedded SQL queries using PG'OCaml. PostgreSQL-OCaml  An interface to PostgreSQL through the C API (libpq). SQLite3  OCaml bindings to the SQLite3 database. Sqlite3EZ  Thin wrapper for SQLite3 with a simplified interface. ocaml-redis  Redis bindings for OCaml. mysql  Bindings to libmysqlclient for interacting with MySQL databases. pgx  A pure OCaml PostgreSQL client library. mysql_protocol  Implementation of MySQL Protocol with the Bitstring library. New Implementations Irmin  A distributed database that follows the same design principles as Git. Obigstore  A database with BigTable-like data model atop LevelDB. RunOrg - It is a WIP database server written in OCaml. dokeysto - dumb OCaml key-value store, string keys and string values. Optional on-the-fly LZ4 compression of values or tokyocabinet backend. Overlays Sequoia - Sequoia is a type-safe query builder for MySQL/MariaDB and PostgreSQL Macaque  Macaque is a library for safe and flexible database queries using comprehensions on top of PG'OCaml. ORM  ORM for SQLite. Caqti - Cooperative-threaded access to relational data Caqti setence preparation, ppx_rapper Articles: Implementing the Binary Memcached Protocol with Ocaml and Bitstring Interfacing OCaml and PostgreSQL with Caqti Finally, Type-Safe, Extensible and Efficient Language Integrated Query by Oleg and Co. The proposed approach is to describe SQL queries in type-safe manner and optimize them (using term rewriting or normalization-by evaluation) before sending to database engine. It potentially could optimize O(n^2) queries to O(n) ones. Datetime ISO8601 calendar odate ptime Developer Tools Try OCaml  Try OCaml in your web browser. learn-ocaml. Web app (written in OCaml) underlying the learn-ocaml-corpus. Can be customized to serve lectures (with Markdown slides), playgrounds (with a toplevel prelude), and interactive exercises (with OCaml tests). MIT License. learn-ocaml.el. Minor mode for Emacs that can display exercise topics and grade exercise solutions, after logging to a Learn-OCaml instance. MIT License. BetterOCaml  An efficient, intuitive, and cross-platform web IDE with your OCaml code interpreted and running in your browser! codingground  Compile and execute OCaml code online. OCaml: Learn & Code iOS app - Learn and execute OCaml code from your iPhone/iPad/Mac. Jupyter  An OCaml kernel for the Jupyter notebook. utop  Universal toplevel for OCaml with support for multiline edition, history, real-time and context-sensitive completion, colors, and more. ocamlformat - A command-line tool to format OCaml code. ocamlbrowser  A source and compiled interface browser, written using LablTk. Included in the standard distribution for ocaml <= 4.01 and with labltk for ocaml >= 4.02. ghim  A command-line tool to manage Github Issues. OCaml Yeoman Generator  Yeoman generator to scaffold OCaml modules. puml2xml  A PlantUML (.puml) to XML (.xmi) converter. Foreign Function Interface: ctypes  Library for binding to C libraries using pure OCaml. ocaml-main-program-in-c  Example build system for making mixed C/Ocaml binaries where the main program is in C. Modular foreign function bindings Py.ml - OCaml bindings for Python. Editor Integration: ocaml-lsp - An LSP language server for OCaml that integrates with any editor that understands LSP like VSCode, Vim and Emacs. merlin  Context sensitive completion for OCaml in Vim and Emacs. tuareg - OCaml mode for Emacs that can run the toplevel and the debugger within Emacs. opam-switch-mode - Minor mode for Emacs that extends Tuareg and Merlin with menus to change or reset the opam switch in the ambient Emacs session. merlin-eldoc  Emacs package to provide merlin's features through eldoc. vscode-ocaml  extension that provides OCaml language support for VSCode OCaml Debugger  extension that provides OCaml Debugger for VSCode Sublime better ocaml  Better OCaml mode for Sublime Text. Sublime text package ocp-index  Easy access to the interface information of installed OCaml libraries. Provides standalone tools like ocp-browser and ocp-grep. ocp-browser  Small ncurses-based API and documentation browser. ocp-index-top  Toplevel directive for looking up documentation using ocp-index. Sublime text package ocp-indent  Indentation tool for OCaml, to be used from editors like Emacs and Vim. Vim plugin. Code coverage: Bisect_ppx Exercises and Short Examples 99 problems. 99% of the solutions are here. learn-ocaml-corpus. Corpus of beginner-to-advanced online exercises (including those from the OCaml MOOC) with automatic grading tests. Rosetta Code OCaml at Exercism  Exercism is your place to engage in thoughtful conversations about code. Explore simplicity, idiomatic language features, and expressive, readable code. Solutions. Programming Language Examples Alike Cookbook - The OCaml section of the book is a free reference for solving common programming problems using OCaml. Formal Software Verification Coq  Coq is a formal proof management system. It provides a formal language to write mathematical definitions, executable algorithms, and theorems, together with an environment for semi-interactive development of machine-checked proofs. Why3  Why3 is a platform for deductive program verification. It provides a rich language for specification and programming, called WhyML, and relies on external theorem provers, both automated and interactive, to discharge verification conditions. Alt-Ergo  Alt-Ergo is an open-source SMT solver dedicated to the proof of mathematical formulas generated in the context of program verification. General Functional Programming with OCaml Python to OCaml: retrospective OCaml for the Masses Why We Use OCaml Xen  OCaml Coding Considerations Monads are a class of hard drugs Beginner's guide to OCaml Why OCaml, why now? A blog about game development in OCaml (Functional) Alternatives to inheritance camlPDF  OCaml library for reading, writing and modifying PDF files. slacko  A neat interface for Slack in OCaml. Learn X in Y minutes - Where X=OCaml. Graphics 2D archimedes  2D plotting library. cairo2  Binding to Cairo, a 2D Vector Graphics Library. Integrates well with lablgtk. Vg  Declarative 2D vector graphics for OCaml. 3D glMLite  OpenGL bindings for OCaml. Provides an (experimental) functional API. (homepage) lablgl  Interface to OpenGL. Integrates well with lablgtk. tgls  Thin bindings OpenGL 3.{2,3},4.{0,1,2,3,4} and OpenGL ES {2,3}. Internationalization Camomile  A Unicode library for OCaml. ocaml-m17n  Multilingualization for OCaml source code. Allows using Unicode identifiers in OCaml source code. Uucd  Unicode character database decoder for OCaml. Uucp  Unicode character properties for OCaml. Uunf  Unicode text normalization for OCaml. Uuseg  Unicode text segmentation for OCaml. Uutf  Non-blocking streaming Unicode codec for OCaml. User Interface lablgtk  GTK2 and GTK3 bindings for OCaml with various higher-level facilities to define GUIs. lablqml  QML Qt5 bindings for OCaml. labltk  Interface to the Tcl/Tk GUI framework. In the standard distribution for ocaml <= 4.01. TSDL  Tsdl is an OCaml module providing thin bindings to the cross-platform SDL library. Lambda-Term  Lambda-Term is a cross-platform library for manipulating the terminal. It provides an abstraction for keys, mouse events, and colors, as well as a set of widgets to write curses-like applications. Notty - Notty is a declarative terminal library for OCaml, structured around the notion of composable images. ocaml-linenoise - Self-contained OCaml bindings to linenoise; easy high-level readline functionality in OCaml. Language-related Higher-Rank Polymorphism in OCaml mikmatch  OCaml pattern-matching extended with regexps Inlined records in constructors Algebraic Data Types XEN  OCaml Best Practices for Developers OCaml Style Guide (by Jane Street) - See also: [1], [2], [3]. A safe but strange way of modifying OCaml compiler Fiddling with the OCaml Type System Large Source Code Examples Base - Standard library for OCaml cil - C Intermediate Language coq - formal proof management system frama-c - platform dedicated to the analysis of source code written in C libguestfs - library and tools for accessing and modifying virtual machine disk images Liquidsoap - a swiss-army knife for multimedia streaming, notably used for netradios and webtvs mirage - library operating system that constructs unikernels for secure, high-performance network applications across a variety of cloud computing and mobile platforms MLDonkey - cross-platform multi-network peer-to-peer daemon Oni2 - Native, lightweight modal code editor. pfff - an OCaml API to write static analysis, dynamic analysis, code visualizations, code navigations, or style-preserving source-to-source transformations such as refactorings on source code. Tezos - a self-upgradable Proof of Stake blockchain WHY3 - platform for deductive program verification xen-api - management stack that configures and controls Xen-enabled hosts and resource pools, and co-ordinates resources within the pool. Logging dolog  A dumb OCaml logger. Volt  A variant of the Bolt OCaml logging tool. Logs - Logs provides a logging infrastructure for OCaml. Machine Learning Libraries Ocaml-sklearn scikit-learn for OCaml. Owl - Scientific library with neural networks, algorithmic differentiation and ONNX support. Object detection convolutional neural network with OCaml (based on Owl). PyTorch bindings - OCaml bindings for PyTorch. Ocaml-NN - Fully functional monadic implementation of a Neural Network (FCNNs) in OCaml Articles Deep Learning with OCaml (PyTorch bindings). Transfer Learning with OCaml (PyTorch bindings). Reinforcement Learning with OCaml (PyTorch bindings). Messaging ocaml-zmq  ZeroMQ bindings for OCaml with Async and Lwt wrappers. onanomsg  nanomsg bindings for OCaml. Kafka  OCaml bindings for Apache Kafka. AMQP  AMQP client library for Async and Lwt. MPI  Message Passing Interface bindings for OCaml. MQTT  OCaml implementation of the MQTT pubsub protocol. capnp-ocaml  OCaml code generator plugin for the Cap'n Proto serialization framework. Metaprogramming Articles: A Guide to Extension Points in OCaml Extension Points, or how OCaml is becoming more like Lisp Syntax extensions without Camlp4: let's do it! Reading Camlp4  Ambassador to the Computers Syntax Extensions: ppx_import  Import is a syntax extension that allows to pull in types or signatures from other compiled interface files. ppx_string_interpolate  A simple ppx filter to support string interpolation like [%str "value of foo is $(foo)"]. ppx_monad  Monad syntax extension for OCaml. ppx_deriving_yojson  A Yojson codec generator for OCaml. Tools and Language Extensions: MetaOCaml  an OCaml dialect for multi-stage programming. Fan  Fan is a compile-time metaprogramming system for OCaml, originally inspired from Camlp4. It's a combination of OCaml and Lispy Macros. It shares the same concrete syntax with OCaml. camlp5 - Camlp5 is a preprocessor-pretty-printer of OCaml. camlp4 - Camlp4 is part of the standard OCaml distribution and is different from Camlp5. Metrics prometheus  OCaml client library for Prometheus monitoring. Mobile Applications Articles: OCaml on iOS 7 Released OCaml + Cordova = more secured, typed and hybrid mobile applications Bindings: Cordova plugins  List of bindings to Cordova plugins. Get access to native device components like accelerometer, SMS, geolocation, etc in OCaml. Networking HTTP Tools: ocaml-cohttp  Very lightweight HTTP server using Lwt or Async. ocurl  OCaml bindings to libcurl. httpaf  A high performance, memory efficient, and scalable web server written in OCaml. piaf - Client/server library for HTTP/1.X / HTTP/2 written entirely in OCaml. ocaml-dns  A pure OCaml implementation of the DNS protocol. fluent-logger  Fluentd logger for OCaml. charrua-unix - charrua-unix is a Unix DHCP daemon based on charrua-core. Online Courses OCaml MOOC: Introduction to Functional Programming in OCaml - Videos available in this playlist of the OCaml Software Foundation YouTube channel. Cornell University  Data Structures and Functional Programming. Princeton University - Functional programming in OCaml. University of Illinois - Course that uses OCaml to teach functional programming and programming language design Package Management Distribution: OPAM  A flexible Git-friendly package manager with multiple compiler support. ocamlfind  Local OCaml library manager. Used by most of the OCaml ecosystem. OCaml for Windows - opam repository and experimental build for Windows (deprecated since 2021). Diskuv OCaml - Diskuv OCaml distribution for Windows. makorel  Release OPAM packages easily. esy - package.json workflow for native development with Reason/OCaml. Build Tools: dune  A composable and opinionated build system for OCaml (former jbuilder) Oasis - A tool to integrate a configure, build and install system in your OCaml project. It helps to create standard entry points in your build system and allows external tools to analyse your project easily. oasis2opam  Tool to convert OASIS metadata to OPAM package descriptions. obuild  Simple package build system for ocaml. ocaml-makefile  Easy to use Makefile for small to medium-sized OCaml-projects. topkg  OPAM-aware packaging system using ocamlbuild. Bazel - OCaml rules for Bazel, Google's multi-language and platform build tool. Parallelism (Note: Sorted from the easier to use to the more flexible.) Libraries: Parmap  Provides easy-to-use parallel map and fold functions. ForkWork  A simple library for forking child processes to perform work on multiple cores. Functory  A distributed computing library which facilitates distributed execution of parallelizable computations in a seamless fashion. Rpc.Parallel  A library for spawning processes on a cluster of machines, and passing typed messages between them. Ocamlnet  An enhanced system platform library. Contains the netmulticore library to compute tasks on as many cores of the machine as needed. Nproc  Process pool implementation for OCaml. Parany  Parallelize computation over independent items, even if there is an infinite number of them. Sklml  Functional parallel skeleton compiler and programming system for OCaml programs. SPOC - Libraries and syntax extensions to offload intensive computations to parallel accelerators (multicore CPUs, GPUs and other accelerators compatible with GPGPU frameworks). Articles: What is the state of OCaml's parallelization abilities? Parallel programming in multicore OCaml Parallelism programming from the officiel OCaml manual Awesome multicore OCaml. A compilation of resources Printers helpers Reason's native Console.log Dum Inspect ppx_deriving s [@@deriving show]. refl , a ppx_deriving-like. lrt , another ppx_deriving-like. tpf , again a ppx_deriving-like. typerep , probably a ppx_deriving-like with ppx_typerep_conv. repr, which appears to have the user build the type representation manually from combinators in addition to also having the user pass it where needed. data-encoding, also fully manual. cmon , fully manual. dyn in Dune. It appears to also be fully manual. Genprint OCaml@p Project Starter Templates drom - The drom tool is a wrapper over opam/dune in an attempt to provide a cargo-like user experience. spin - Reason and Ocaml project generator modern-ocaml - Template for an ocaml project with modern tooling Questions OCaml polymorphism example other than template function? OCaml - polymorphic print and type losing Science and Technical Computing biocaml  OCaml Bioinformatics Library http://biocaml.org. bistro  OCaml library for building bioinformatics pipelines. lacaml - OCaml bindings for BLAS/LAPACK (high-performance linear algebra Fortran libraries). obandit - OCaml library for multi-armed bandits. onumerical  Numerical library for OCaml. oml - OCaml library for general numerical work. ocephes - Bindings to frequently used C special functions library. slap - A linear algebra library in OCaml with type-based static size checking for matrix operations. tensorflow-ocaml  OCaml bindings for TensorFlow. owl - OCaml numerical library: dense and sparse matrix, linear algebra, regressions, maths and stats functions. WHIZARD - A system designed for the efficient calculation of multi-particle scattering cross sections and simulated event samples. Regular Expressions Re  a pure OCaml regular expressions library with combinators, supporting several formats (glob, posix, str, etc.). ocaml-pcre  bindings to the PCRE library (perl-compatible regular expressions) Humane-re  Humane-re attempts to provide an easy interface for 90% of your regex needs. Courtesy of ocaml-re. Tyre - Tyre is a set of combinators to build type-safe regular expressions, allowing automatic extraction and modification of matched groups. Security and Cryptography ocaml-tls  TLS in pure OCaml. Digestif - Hash algorithms (like SHA* or BLAKE2*) in OCaml and C. cryptokit  The Cryptokit library for OCaml provides a variety of cryptographic primitives that can be used to implement cryptographic protocols in security-sensitive applications. nocoiner - A Commitment scheme library for Multi-party computations such as online auctions and gambling. nocrypto  A small cryptographic library behind the ocaml-tls project. It is built to be straightforward to use, adhere to functional programming principles, and able to run in a Xen-based unikernel. Note: The differences between nocrypto and cryptokit cryptographic libraries are described in the following blog post: OCaml-TLS: building the nocrypto library core. Semantic Technology OCaml-RDF  OCaml library to manipulate RDF graphs and execute Sparql queries. Serialization atdgen  A serialization compiler for multiple languages (OCaml, Java, Python, Scala, Typescript) with a Binou or JSON format bencode  Bencode (.torrent file format) reader/writer. biniou  Extensible binary data format, like JSON but faster. cbor  OCaml native CBOR decoder/encoder. jsonm  Non-blocking streaming JSON codec for OCaml. xmlm  A streaming codec to decode and encode the XML data format. yojson  An optimized parsing and printing library for the JSON format. sexplib  A S-expression parser and printer System Programming Mirage OS  Mirage is a programming framework for constructing secure, high-performance network applications across a variety of cloud computing and mobile platforms. ocaml-fat  Read and write FAT-format filesystems from OCaml. ocaml-git  Pure OCaml low-level git bindings. ocaml-vchan  Pure OCaml implementation of the "vchan" shared-memory communication protocol. Embedded systems OMicroB - A virtual machine designed to run OCaml bytecode on AVR (Arduino for instance) micro-controlers. OCaPIC - An OCaml virtual machine for PIC18 micro-controlers. ocaml-esp32 - A compiler for ESP32 SoC. Testing Alcotest  A lightweight and colourful test framework. OUnit  OUnit is a unit test framework for OCaml. It allows one to easily create unit-tests for OCaml code. It is based on HUnit, a unit testing framework for Haskell. QCheck  QCheck is a property testing library inspired from Haskell's QuickCheck iTeML (formerly known as qtest)  supports inline pragma's to generate tests. Kaputt  comprehensive testing framework. Pa_test  General inline testing macro's. TestSimple - A lightweight unit testing framework compatible with the Test Anything Protocol. expect-test  A framework for writing tests in OCaml, similar to Cram, developed by JaneStreet. Utilities ocaml-cuid - Collision-resistant IDs for server scalability & database performance. Validate - PPX deriver designed to streamline the process of validating records. Uuidm - Uuidm is an OCaml module implementing 128-bit universally unique identifiers version 3, 5 (name based with MD5, SHA-1 hashing) and 4 (random based) according to RFC 4122. sqids-ocaml - Official OCaml port of Sqids. Generate short unique IDs from numbers. Web Development Frameworks: Opium  Sinatra like web toolkit for OCaml. Ocsigen Eliom  Eliom is a full-featured multi-tier framework, for developing multi-platform Web and mobile apps as 100% OCaml distributed applications. It can also be used for more traditional Web or mobile apps: Web sites, single page applications, REST API, etc. Dream - Tidy Web framework for OCaml and ReasonML webmachine  A REST toolkit for OCaml. OCaml webmachine is a layer on top of cohttp that implements a state-machine-based HTTP request processor. It's particularly well-suited for writing RESTful APIs. As the name suggests, this is an OCaml port of the webmachine project. incr_dom - A library for building dynamic webapps, using Js_of_ocaml fmlib_browser - a library which helps to write web applications which run in the browser in a pure functional style. ocaml-vdom - Elm architecture and (V)DOM for OCaml Tools: COW  Caml on the Web (COW) is a set of parsers and syntax extensions to let you manipulate HTML, CSS, XML, JSON and Markdown directly from OCaml code. Ocamlnet has many relevant web libraries  Nethtml html parser, Netasn1 for ASN.1 parsing, Netencoding for Base64, Quoted Printable, URL encoding and HTML escaping, Netmime for MIME processing, etc. See the list of modules in Ocamlnet's manual. tyxml  Library to build valid (according to the W3C spec) Html and Svg trees. js_of_ocaml  Js_of_ocaml is a compiler of OCaml bytecode to Javascript. It makes it possible to run Ocaml programs in a Web browser. commonjs_of_ocaml - Easily import and export CommonJS modules from a js_of_ocaml project. ReScript - ReScript is a robustly typed language that compiles to efficient and human-readable JavaScript. ocaml-uri  RFC3986 URI parsing library. Goji  An OCaml bindings generator for JavaScript libraries. Syndic  RSS and Atom feed parsing ocaml-mustache  mustache.js logic-less templates in OCaml. atdjs  atd code generator (serialization) for OCaml/js_of_ocaml. jingoo  OCaml template engine almost compatible with jinja2. dispatch  Path-based dispatching for client- and server-side applications. Lambda Soup - Functional HTML scraping and manipulation with CSS selectors,  la Python's Beautiful Soup. Markup.ml - Error-recovering streaming HTML5 and XML parsers, serializers. gen_js_api - gen_js_api aims at simplifying the creation of OCaml bindings for Javascript libraries. routes - Typed routes for OCaml/ReasonML web applications. Open Source Projects: Cumulus  Hacker news like website with the OCaml framework Ocsigen Inspired by awesome projects line. Discover more awesomeness . About A curated collection of awesome OCaml tools, frameworks, libraries and articles. Topics programming-language awesome ocaml resources Resources Readme Activity Custom properties Stars 2.9k stars Watchers 126 watching Forks 176 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 95 + 81 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.