GitHub - jyguyomarch/awesome-productivity: A curated list of delightful productivity resources. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert jyguyomarch / awesome-productivity Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 207 Star 2.8k A curated list of delightful productivity resources. License CC0-1.0 license 2.8k stars 207 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 15 Pull requests 19 Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights jyguyomarch/awesome-productivity mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History209 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Productivity A curated list of delightful productivity resources. Contents Websites Books Tools and Apps File Management Note Management Task Management Habit Trackers Task Automation Password Manager Knowledge Management Screen Capture Websites 12+ Tips and Tricks to Work Faster in Microsoft Outlook - Tame your Outlook with these tips in order to get a little bit closer to the awesome Inbox Zero. Advanced GTD with Remember The Milk - A tutorial on how to implement GTD with Remember the Milk. Inbox Zero - Rigorous approach to email management aimed at keeping the inbox (almost) empty at all times. Lifehacker - The go-to blog for tips, tricks, and downloads for getting things done. Pomodoro Technique - Slice your tasks in 25 minute packages and get more done in less time. r/Productivity - Productivity subreddit. Rid Your Desktop of Clutter with This Simple Trio of Icons - A little trick that has been keeping my desktop clean for years now. ShortLib - Collection of hundreds of shortcuts for Windows, Mac and Linux. The Bullet Journal - A pen and paper method that turns a simple notebook into a highly efficient productivity tool. Zen Habits - Blog by Leo Babauta with topics such as simplifying life. Productive Fish - Useful articles on how to be more productive, study effectively and improve well-being. Books Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World - Deep work is the ability to focus without distraction on a cognitively demanding task. Getting Things Done - A very simple and efficient time-management method. The 5 Choices - An all around productivity methodology dealing with prioritization, scheduling, technology and energy management. Tools and Apps File Management Box - Very good cloud storage solution for business customers. Dropbox - Simple, elegant, and versatile cloud storage solution. Google Drive - Cloud storage solution deeply integrated in the Google ecosystem. Mega - A very generous (50G from the get go) and highly secure cloud storage solution. Nextcloud - The self-hosted productivity platform that keeps you in control. OneDrive - Best cloud storage solution for Windows users. pCloud - A cloud storage solution with a strong focus on security. Clipboard - Easy-to-use local solution for saving files, folders, or text like a scratchpad. Note Management Evernote - Evernote can basically become your second brain and remember everything for you. Google Keep - A nice and simple note management system tightly integrated with Google products. Inkdrop - A cross-platform note taking application for Markdown lovers. Joplin - A note taking and to-do application with synchronization capabilities. Notion - An all-in-one very customizable workspace for notes, tasks, wikis and lists. Yana - Powerful note-taking app with nested documents, full-text search, rich-text editor, code snippet editor and more. OneNote - Very good note management solution, but best for Windows users. Preserver - Notes organizer desktop application based on Electron. Simplenote - Light, clean, and free. Simplenote is now available for iOS, Android, Mac, Windows, Linux, and the web. Standard Notes - A simple and private notes application. WorkFlowy - Outlining application for nested bulleted lists. Task Management Airtable - Mix of spreadsheet and database to help organize work. Amazing Marvin - Marvin incorporates principles from behavioral psychology to help beat procrastination, feel in control and finish todo list. Any.do - Simple interface, packed with features, currently the favorite to-do list manager at Lifehacker. GitHub Projects - A lesser known feature of GitHub, makes it easy to tie your project management process to your code. Hitask - Easy Project and Task Management for Teams. KanbanFlow - Kanban method task board with Pomodoro technique. Microsoft To Do - Microsoft cloud-based task management application based on Wunderlist technology. OmniFocus - A Getting Things Done based task manager for macOS and iOS. Paymo - Keep your team aligned and engaged. Manage tasks, create team schedules, track work time, and bill your clients from the same platform. Pomolectron - A pomodoro app for your menubar/tray. Remember the Milk - Great at managing tags for to-dos and location based tasks. Taskade - Simple and collaborative task lists for teams. Taskwarrior - An open source command line task manager. Flexible, fast, efficient, and unobtrusive. Timely - Automatic time tracking software. Get a flawless digital record of all project and team time, all without the hassle of manual timers and note taking. Timing - Automatic time and productivity tracking for Mac. Helps you stay on track with your work and ensures no billable hours get lost if you are billing hourly. Tinido - A beautiful and simple task management app that can also give you insights by showing your completed tasks in a contribution graph similar to the one you find on your GitHub profile. Todo.txt - Tired of having complicated apps to organize your tasks? Todo.txt is a technique that uses a single .txt file to help you get the job done. Todoist - Powerful and cross-platform productivity tool. Topydo - A powerful todo list application using the todo.txt format, positioned between todo.txt CLI and Taskwarrior. Trello - Kanban method task board. Tweek - Super Simple To Do list and Weekly Task Management. VivifyScrum - Agile project management app for teams that deliver. Customizable Scrum and Kanban boards. Bordio - Daily planner for managing tasks and events on one board. OpenProject - An on premise open source project management solution that comes with a free community version as well as an enterprise version. Habit Trackers Emoji Log - Calm, emoji-based tracker for arbitrary things that doesn't use streaks. Everyday - Form new habits by doing things every day. Habitica - Complete your real life daily goals in a role play game (previously called HabitRPG). HabitBull - Premium habit tracker. Loop Habit Tracker - An Android app for creating and maintaining good habits. Waka Time - Open source plugin for knowing exactly how long you spend coding. Conjure - Habits, goals and time tracking platform with rules engine, data layer, API, dashboards and more (Web, Desktop, iOS, Android). Task Automation AutoIt - Small tool for Windows to automate the Windows GUI, but it can also be used for other purposes. Awesome AutoHotKey - AutoHotKey is a free, open-source macro-creation and automation software for Windows that allows users to automate repetitive tasks. IFTTT - Allows you to create chains of conditional statements (called recipes) between web services in order to make the web work for you and boost your productivity. n8n - Open-source workflow automation for connecting web services with an option to self-host. Qbserve - Mac time tracking automation: freelance project tracking, timesheets, invoicing & real-time productivity feedback. Parabola - Drag and drop tool to build custom reports, workflows, and integrations to automate your manual processes. Tasker - Android application that can perform context sensitive custom tasks (e.g. automatically turn on wifi when you arrive home). Zapier - Automation tool that allows you to connect hundreds of web services and create automations between the processes. Password Manager Bitwarden - A free, trusted password manager that can store, sync, and generate passwords online or through native apps. KeePass - A free, open source, light-weight password manager with auto-type, browser and plugin support. LastPass - A freemium password manager that stores encrypted passwords online. NordPass - A freemium password manager created by the team from NordVPN. Store unlimited passwords and access them from anywhere with apps on all platforms. Knowledge Management Obsidian.md - A knowledge base tool that works on local Markdown files. It allows you to create links between different notes. Scribe - Automatically create step-by-step guides for any process. Simply hit record and Scribe will generate a detailed guide complete with screenshots based on your actions, ready to share with colleagues, customers, and friends. Logseq - Logseq is a privacy-first, open-source knowledge base that works on top of local plain-text Markdown and Org-mode files. Use it to write, organize and share your thoughts, keep your to-do list, and build your own digital garden. Screen Capture ShareX - Screen capture, file sharing and productivity tool. Replayable - Rewind your screen. Playback and share exactly what happened with Replayable's desktop replay buffer. CleanShot - A premium tool for screen capturing and recording on MacOS, with built-in annotation and text recognition. About A curated list of delightful productivity resources. Topics productivity list awesome awesome-list Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 2.8k stars Watchers 56 watching Forks 207 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 50 + 36 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.