GitHub - qinwf/awesome-R: A curated list of awesome R packages, frameworks and software. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert qinwf / awesome-R Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 1.5k Star 6.1k A curated list of awesome R packages, frameworks and software. 6.1k stars 1.5k forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 3 Pull requests 12 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights qinwf/awesome-R masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History426 Commitsmiscmisc README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEAwesome R A curated list of awesome R packages and tools. Inspired by awesome-machine-learning. for Top 50 CRAN downloaded packages or repos with 400+ Awesome R 2023 2020 2019 2018 Integrated Development Environments Syntax Data Manipulation Graphic Displays Html Widgets Reproducible Research Web Technologies and Services Parallel Computing High Performance Language API Database Management Machine Learning Natural Language Processing Bayesian Optimization Finance Bioinformatics and Biostatistics Network Analysis Spatial R Development Logging Data Packages Other Tools Other Interpreters Learning R Resources Websites Books Podcasts Reference Cards MOOCs Lists Other Awesome Lists Contributing 2023 Cookbook Polars for R 2020 VSCode - vscode-R + vscode-r-lsp VSCode R Langauage Support gt - Easily generate information-rich, publication-quality tables from R lightgbm - Light Gradient Boosting Machine. torch - Tensors and Neural Networks with 'GPU' Acceleration. 2019 ggforce - ggplot2 extension framework rayshader - 2D and 3D data visualizations via rgl vroom - Fast reading of delimited files Integrated Development Environments Integrated Development Environment VSCode - vscode-R + vscode-r-lsp VSCode R Langauage Support RStudio - A powerful and productive user interface for R. Works great on Windows, Mac, and Linux. Emacs + ESS - Emacs Speaks Statistics is an add-on package for emacs text editors. Sublime Text + R-IDE - Add-on package for Sublime Text 2/3. TextMate + r.tmblundle - Add-on package for TextMate 1/2. StatET - An Eclipse based IDE for R. R Commander - A package that provides a basic graphical user interface. IRkernel - R kernel for Jupyter. Deducer - A Menu driven data analysis GUI with a spreadsheet like data editor. Radiant - A platform-independent browser-based interface for business analytics in R, based on the Shiny. Nvim-R - Neovim plugin for R. Jamovi and JASP - Desktop software for both Bayesian and Frequentist methods, using a UI familiar to SPSS users. Bio7 - An IDE contains tools for model creation, scientific image analysis and statistical analysis for ecological modelling. RTVS - R Tools for Visual Studio. radian (formerly rtichoke) - A modern R console with syntax highlighting. RKWard - An extensible IDE/GUI for R. Syntax Packages change the way you use R. magrittr - Let's pipe it. pipeR - Multi-paradigm Pipeline Implementation. lambda.r - Functional programming and simple pattern matching in R. purrr - A FP package for R in the spirit of underscore.js. Data Manipulation Packages for cooking data. dplyr - Fast data frames manipulation and database query. data.table - Fast data manipulation in a short and flexible syntax. reshape2 - Flexible rearrange, reshape and aggregate data. tidyr - Easily tidy data with spread and gather functions. broom - Convert statistical analysis objects into tidy data frames. rlist - A toolbox for non-tabular data manipulation with lists. ff - Data structures designed to store large datasets. lubridate - A set of functions to work with dates and times. stringi - ICU based string processing package. stringr - Consistent API for string processing, built on top of stringi. bigmemory - Shared memory and memory-mapped matrices. The big* packages provide additional tools including linear models (biglm) and Random Forests (bigrf). fuzzyjoin - Join tables together on inexact matching. tidyverse - Easily install and load packages from the tidyverse. snakecase - Automatically parse and convert strings into cases like snake or camel among others. DataExplorer - Fast exploratory data analysis with minimum code. Data Formats Packages for reading and writing data of different formats. arrow - An interface to the Arrow C++ library. feather - Fast, interoperable binary data frame storage for Python, R, and more powered by Apache Arrow. fst - Lightning Fast Serialization of Data Frames for R. haven - Improved methods to import SPSS, Stata and SAS files in R. jsonlite - A robust and quick way to parse JSON files in R. qs - Quick serialization of R objects. readxl - Read excel files (.xls and .xlsx) into R. readr - A fast and friendly way to read tabular data into R. rio - A Swiss-Army Knife for Data I/O. readODS - Read OpenDocument Spreadsheets into R as data.frames. RcppTOML - Rcpp Bindings to C++ parser for TOML files. vroom - Fast reading of delimited files. writexl - Portable, light-weight data frame to xlsx exporter for R. yaml - R package for converting objects to and from YAML. Graphic Displays Packages for showing data. ggplot2 - An implementation of the Grammar of Graphics. ggfortify - A unified interface to ggplot2 popular statistical packages using one line of code. ggrepel - Repel overlapping text labels away from each other. ggalt - Extra Coordinate Systems, Geoms and Statistical Transformations for ggplot2. ggstatsplot - ggplot2 Based Plots with Statistical Details ggtree - Visualization and annotation of phylogenetic tree. ggtech - ggplot2 tech themes and scales ggplot2 Extensions - Showcases of ggplot2 extensions. lattice - A powerful and elegant high-level data visualization system. corrplot - A graphical display of a correlation matrix or general matrix. It also contains some algorithms to do matrix reordering. rgl - 3D visualization device system for R. Cairo - R graphics device using cairo graphics library for creating high-quality display output. extrafont - Tools for using fonts in R graphics. showtext - Enable R graphics device to show text using system fonts. animation - A simple way to produce animated graphics in R, using ImageMagick. gganimate - Create easy animations with ggplot2. misc3d - Powerful functions to deal with 3d plots, isosurfaces, etc. xkcd - Use xkcd style in graphs. imager - An image processing package based on CImg library to work with images and display them. hrbrthemes -  Opinionated, typographic-centric ggplot2 themes and theme components. waffle -  Make waffle (square pie) charts in R. dendextend - visualizing, adjusting and comparing trees of hierarchical clustering. idendro - interactive exploration of dendrograms (trees of hierarchical clustering). r2d3 - R Interface to D3 Visualizations Patchwork - Combine separate ggplots into the same graphic. plot3D - Plotting Multi-Dimensional Data plot3Drgl - Plotting Multi-Dimensional Data - Using 'rgl' httpgd - Asynchronous http server graphics device for R. HTML Widgets Packages for interactive visualizations. heatmaply - Interactive heatmaps with D3. d3heatmap - Interactive heatmaps with D3 (no longer maintained). DataTables - Displays R matrices or data frames as interactive HTML tables. DiagrammeR - Create JS graph diagrams and flowcharts in R. dygraphs - Charting time-series data in R. formattable - Formattable Data Structures. ggvis - Interactive grammar of graphics for R. Leaflet - One of the most popular JavaScript libraries interactive maps. MetricsGraphics - Enables easy creation of D3 scatterplots, line charts, and histograms. networkD3 - D3 JavaScript Network Graphs from R. scatterD3 - Interactive scatterplots with D3. plotly - Interactive ggplot2 and Shiny plotting with plot.ly. rCharts - Interactive JS Charts from R. rbokeh - R Interface to Bokeh. threejs - Interactive 3D scatter plots and globes. timevis - Create fully interactive timeline visualizations. visNetwork - Using vis.js library for network visualization. wordcloud2 - R interface to wordcloud2.js. highcharter - R wrapper for highcharts based on htmlwidgets echarts4r - R wrapper to Echarts version 4 Reproducible Research Packages for literate programming and reproducible workflows. knitr - Easy dynamic report generation in R. redoc - Reversible Reproducible Documents tinytex - A lightweight and easy-to-maintain LaTeX distribution xtable - Export tables to LaTeX or HTML. rapport - An R templating system. rmarkdown - Dynamic documents for R. slidify - Generate reproducible html5 slides from R markdown. Sweave - A package designed to write LaTeX reports using R. texreg - Formatting statistical models in LaTex and HTML. checkpoint - Install packages from snapshots on the checkpoint server. brew - Pre-compute data to enhance your report templates. Can be combined with knitr. officer - An R package to generate Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint and HTML reports. flextable - An R package to embed complex tables (merged cells, multi-level headers and footers, conditional formatting) in Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint and HTML reports. It cooperates with the [officer] package and integrates with [rmarkdown] reports. bookdown - Authoring Books with R Markdown. ezknitr - Avoid the typical working directory pain when using 'knitr' targets - Make-like pipeline tool for organizing and running data science workflows, automatically skipping steps that have already been done. Supported by rOpenSci. R Suite - A package to design flexible and reproducible deployment workflows for R. kable - Build fancy HTML or 'LaTeX' tables using 'kable()' from 'knitr'. Web Technologies and Services Packages to surf the web. Web Technologies List - Information about how to use R and the world wide web together. shiny - Easy interactive web applications with R. See also awesome-rshiny shinyjs - Easily improve the user interaction and user experience in your Shiny apps in seconds. RCurl - General network (HTTP/FTP/...) client interface for R. curl - A Modern and Flexible Web Client for R. httr - User-friendly RCurl wrapper. httpuv - HTTP and WebSocket server library. XML - Tools for parsing and generating XML within R. xml2 - Optimized tools for parsing and generating XML within R. rvest - Simple web scraping for R, using CSSSelect or XPath syntax. OpenCPU - HTTP API for R handling concurrent calls, based on the Apache2 web server, to expose R code as REST web services and create full-sized, multi-page web applications. Rfacebook - Access to Facebook API via R. RSiteCatalyst - R client library for the Adobe Analytics. plumber - A library to expose existing R code as web API. golem - A framework for building production-grade Shiny apps. Parallel Computing Packages for parallel computing. parallel - R started with release 2.14.0 which includes a new package parallel incorporating (slightly revised) copies of packages multicore and snow. Rmpi - Rmpi provides an interface (wrapper) to MPI APIs. It also provides interactive R slave environment. foreach - Executing the loop in parallel. future - A minimal, efficient, cross-platform unified Future API for parallel and distributed processing in R; designed for beginners as well as advanced developers. SparkR - R frontend for Spark. DistributedR - A scalable high-performance platform from HP Vertica Analytics Team. ddR - Provides distributed data structures and simplifies distributed computing in R. sparklyr - R interface for Apache Spark from RStudio. batchtools - High performance computing with LSF, TORQUE, Slurm, OpenLava, SGE and Docker Swarm. High Performance Packages for making R faster. Rcpp - Rcpp provides a powerful API on top of R, make function in R extremely faster. Rcpp11 - Rcpp11 is a complete redesign of Rcpp, targetting C++11. compiler - speeding up your R code using the JIT cpp11 - cpp11 is a header-only R package that helps R package developers handle R objects with C++ code. It's similar to Rcpp but with different design trade-offs and features. Language API Packages for other languages. rJava - Low-level R to Java interface. jvmr - Integration of R, Java, and Scala. reticulate - Interface to 'Python'. rJython - R interface to Python via Jython. rPython - Package allowing R to call Python. runr - Run Julia and Bash from R. RJulia - R package Call Julia. JuliaCall - Seamless Integration Between R and Julia. RinRuby - a Ruby library that integrates the R interpreter in Ruby. R.matlab - Read and write of MAT files together with R-to-MATLAB connectivity. RcppOctave - Seamless Interface to Octave and Matlab. RSPerl - A bidirectional interface for calling R from Perl and Perl from R. V8 - Embedded JavaScript Engine. htmlwidgets - Bring the best of JavaScript data visualization to R. rpy2 - Python interface for R. Database Management Packages for managing data. RODBC - ODBC database access for R. DBI - Defines a common interface between the R and database management systems. elastic - Wrapper for the Elasticsearch HTTP API mongolite - Streaming Mongo Client for R odbc - Connect to ODBC databases (using the DBI interface) RMariaDB - An R interface to MariaDB (a replacement for the old RMySQL package) RMySQL - R interface to the MySQL database. ROracle - OCI based Oracle database interface for R. RPostgres - an DBI-compliant interface to the postgres database. RPostgreSQL - R interface to the PostgreSQL database system. RSQLite - SQLite interface for R RJDBC - Provides access to databases through the JDBC interface. rmongodb - R driver for MongoDB. redux - Redis client for R. RCassandra - Direct interface (not Java) to the most basic functionality of Apache Cassandra. RHive - R extension facilitating distributed computing via Apache Hive. RNeo4j - Neo4j graph database driver. rpostgis - R interface to PostGIS database and get spatial objects in R. Machine Learning Packages for making R cleverer. anomalize - Tidy Anomaly Detection using Twitter's AnomalyDetection method. AnomalyDetection - AnomalyDetection R package from Twitter. ahaz - Regularization for semiparametric additive hazards regression. arules - Mining Association Rules and Frequent Itemsets bigrf - Big Random Forests: Classification and Regression Forests for Large Data Sets bigRR - Generalized Ridge Regression (with special advantage for p >> n cases) bmrm - Bundle Methods for Regularized Risk Minimization Package Boruta - A wrapper algorithm for all-relevant feature selection BreakoutDetection - Breakout Detection via Robust E-Statistics from Twitter. bst - Gradient Boosting CausalImpact - Causal inference using Bayesian structural time-series models. C50 - C5.0 Decision Trees and Rule-Based Models caret - Classification and Regression Training Clever Algorithms For Machine Learning CORElearn - Classification, regression, feature evaluation and ordinal evaluation CoxBoost - Cox models by likelihood based boosting for a single survival endpoint or competing risks Cubist - Rule- and Instance-Based Regression Modeling e1071 - Misc Functions of the Department of Statistics (e1071), TU Wien earth - Multivariate Adaptive Regression Spline Models elasticnet - Elastic-Net for Sparse Estimation and Sparse PCA ElemStatLearn - Data sets, functions and examples from the book: "The Elements of Statistical Learning, Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction" by Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani and Jerome Friedman evtree - Evolutionary Learning of Globally Optimal Trees fable - a collection of commonly used univariate and multivariate time series forecasting models prophet - Tool for producing high quality forecasts for time series data that has multiple seasonality with linear or non-linear growth. FSelector - A feature selection framework, based on subset-search or feature ranking approches. frbs - Fuzzy Rule-based Systems for Classification and Regression Tasks GAMBoost - Generalized linear and additive models by likelihood based boosting gamboostLSS - Boosting Methods for GAMLSS gbm - Generalized Boosted Regression Models glmnet - Lasso and elastic-net regularized generalized linear models glmpath - L1 Regularization Path for Generalized Linear Models and Cox Proportional Hazards Model GMMBoost - Likelihood-based Boosting for Generalized mixed models grplasso - Fitting user specified models with Group Lasso penalty grpreg - Regularization paths for regression models with grouped covariates h2o - Deeplearning, Random forests, GBM, KMeans, PCA, GLM hda - Heteroscedastic Discriminant Analysis ipred - Improved Predictors kernlab - kernlab: Kernel-based Machine Learning Lab klaR - Classification and visualization kohonen - Supervised and Unsupervised Self-Organising Maps. L0Learn - Fast algorithms for best subset selection lars - Least Angle Regression, Lasso and Forward Stagewise lasso2 - L1 constrained estimation aka lasso LiblineaR - Linear Predictive Models Based On The Liblinear C/C++ Library lightgbm - Light Gradient Boosting Machine. lme4 - Mixed-effects models nlme - Mixed-effects models, handling user-specified matrix of residual covariance, relevant for the analysis of repeated observations in longitudinal trials glmmTMB - Generalized mixed-effects models, handling user-specified matrix of residual covariance, relevant for the analysis of repeated observations in longitudinal trials LogicReg - Logic Regression maptree - Mapping, pruning, and graphing tree models mboost - Model-Based Boosting Machine Learning For Hackers mlr - Extensible framework for classification, regression, survival analysis and clustering [DEPRECIATED] mlr3 - Next generation extensible framework for classification, regression, survival analysis and clustering mvpart - Multivariate partitioning MXNet - MXNet brings flexible and efficient GPU computing and state-of-art deep learning to R. ncvreg - Regularization paths for SCAD- and MCP-penalized regression models nnet - eed-forward Neural Networks and Multinomial Log-Linear Models oblique.tree - Oblique Trees for Classification Data pamr - Pam: prediction analysis for microarrays party - A Laboratory for Recursive Partytioning partykit - A Toolkit for Recursive Partytioning penalized - L1 (lasso and fused lasso) and L2 (ridge) penalized estimation in GLMs and in the Cox model penalizedLDA - Penalized classification using Fisher's linear discriminant penalizedSVM - Feature Selection SVM using penalty functions quantregForest - quantregForest: Quantile Regression Forests randomForest - randomForest: Breiman and Cutler's random forests for classification and regression. randomForestSRC - randomForestSRC: Random Forests for Survival, Regression and Classification (RF-SRC). ranger - A Fast Implementation of Random Forests. rattle - Graphical user interface for data mining in R. rda - Shrunken Centroids Regularized Discriminant Analysis rdetools - Relevant Dimension Estimation (RDE) in Feature Spaces REEMtree - Regression Trees with Random Effects for Longitudinal (Panel) Data relaxo - Relaxed Lasso rgenoud - R version of GENetic Optimization Using Derivatives rgp - R genetic programming framework Rmalschains - Continuous Optimization using Memetic Algorithms with Local Search Chains (MA-LS-Chains) in R rminer - Simpler use of data mining methods (e.g. NN and SVM) in classification and regression ROCR - Visualizing the performance of scoring classifiers RoughSets - Data Analysis Using Rough Set and Fuzzy Rough Set Theories rpart - Recursive Partitioning and Regression Trees RPMM - Recursively Partitioned Mixture Model RSNNS - Neural Networks in R using the Stuttgart Neural Network Simulator (SNNS) Rsomoclu - Parallel implementation of self-organizing maps. RWeka - R/Weka interface RXshrink - RXshrink: Maximum Likelihood Shrinkage via Generalized Ridge or Least Angle Regression sda - Shrinkage Discriminant Analysis and CAT Score Variable Selection SDDA - Stepwise Diagonal Discriminant Analysis SuperLearner and subsemble - Multi-algorithm ensemble learning packages. survminer - Survival Analysis & Visualization survival - Survival Analysis svmpath - svmpath: the SVM Path algorithm tgp - Bayesian treed Gaussian process models tidymodels - A collection of packages for modeling and statistical analysis that share the underlying design philosophy, grammar, and data structures of the tidyverse. torch - Tensors and Neural Networks with 'GPU' Acceleration. tree - Classification and regression trees varSelRF - Variable selection using random forests xgboost - eXtreme Gradient Boosting Tree model, well known for its speed and performance. Natural Language Processing Packages for Natural Language Processing. text2vec - Fast Text Mining Framework for Vectorization and Word Embeddings. tm - A comprehensive text mining framework for R. openNLP - Apache OpenNLP Tools Interface. koRpus - An R Package for Text Analysis. zipfR - Statistical models for word frequency distributions. NLP - Basic functions for Natural Language Processing. LDAvis - Interactive visualization of topic models. topicmodels - Topic modeling interface to the C code developed by by David M. Blei for Topic Modeling (Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA), and Correlated Topics Models (CTM)). syuzhet - Extracts sentiment from text using three different sentiment dictionaries. SnowballC - Snowball stemmers based on the C libstemmer UTF-8 library. quanteda - R functions for Quantitative Analysis of Textual Data. Topic Models Resources - Topic Models learning and R related resources. NLP for - NLP related resources in R. @Chinese MonkeyLearn -  R package for text analysis with Monkeylearn . tidytext - Implementing tidy principles of Hadley Wickham to text mining. utf8 - Manipulating and printing UTF-8 text that fixes multiple bugs in R's UTF-8 handling. corporaexplorer - Dynamic exploration of text collections Bayesian Packages for Bayesian Inference. brms - High-level interface for Bayesian regression models using Stan. coda - Output analysis and diagnostics for MCMC. mcmc - Markov Chain Monte Carlo. MCMCpack - Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) Package. R2WinBUGS - Running WinBUGS and OpenBUGS from R / S-PLUS. BRugs - R interface to the OpenBUGS MCMC software. rjags - R interface to the JAGS MCMC library. rstan - R interface to the Stan MCMC software. Optimization Packages for Optimization. lpSolve - Interface to Lp_solve to Solve Linear/Integer Programs. minqa - Derivative-free optimization algorithms by quadratic approximation. nloptr - NLopt is a free/open-source library for nonlinear optimization. ompr - Model mixed integer linear programs in an algebraic way directly in R. Rglpk - R/GNU Linear Programming Kit Interface ROI - The R Optimization Infrastructure ('ROI') is a sophisticated framework for handling optimization problems in R. Finance Packages for dealing with money. quantmod - Quantitative Financial Modelling & Trading Framework for R. pedquant - Public Economic Data and Quantitative Analysis TTR - Functions and data to construct technical trading rules with R. PerformanceAnalytics - Econometric tools for performance and risk analysis. zoo - S3 Infrastructure for Regular and Irregular Time Series. xts - eXtensible Time Series. tseries - Time series analysis and computational finance. fAssets - Analysing and Modelling Financial Assets. scorecard - Credit Risk Scorecard Bioinformatics and Biostatistics Packages for processing biological datasets. Bioconductor - Tools for the analysis and comprehension of high-throughput genomic data. genetics - Classes and methods for handling genetic data. gap - An integrated package for genetic data analysis of both population and family data. ape - Analyses of Phylogenetics and Evolution. pheatmap - Pretty heatmaps made easy. lme4 - Generalized mixed-effects models. nlme - Mixed-effects models, handling user-specified matrix of residual covariance, relevant for the anaysis of repeated observations in longitudinal trials. glmmTMB - Generalized mixed-effects models, handling user-specified matrix of residual covariance, relevant for the anaysis of repeated observations in longitudinal trials. Network Analysis Packages to construct, analyze and visualize network data. Network Analysis List - Network Analysis related resources. igraph - A collection of network analysis tools. network - Basic tools to manipulate relational data in R. sna - Basic network measures and visualization tools. netdiffuseR - Tools for Analysis of Network Diffusion. networkDynamic - Support for dynamic, (inter)temporal networks. ndtv - Tools to construct animated visualizations of dynamic network data in various formats. statnet - The project behind many R network analysis packages. ergm - Exponential random graph models in R. latentnet - Latent position and cluster models for network objects. tnet - Network measures for weighted, two-mode and longitudinal networks. rgexf - Export network objects from R to GEXF, for manipulation with network software like Gephi or Sigma. visNetwork - Using vis.js library for network visualization. tidygraph - A tidy API for graph manipulation Spatial Packages to explore the earth. CRAN Task View: Analysis of Spatial Data- Spatial Analysis related resources. Leaflet - One of the most popular JavaScript libraries interactive maps. ggmap - Plotting maps in R with ggplot2. REmap - R interface to the JavaScript library ECharts for interactive map data visualization. sf - Improved Classes and Methods for Spatial Data. sp - Classes and Methods for Spatial Data. rgeos - Interface to Geometry Engine - Open Source rgdal - Bindings for the Geospatial Data Abstraction Library maptools - Tools for Reading and Handling Spatial Objects gstat - Spatial and spatio-temporal geostatistical modelling, prediction and simulation. spacetime - R classes and methods for spatio-temporal data. RColorBrewer - Provides color schemes for maps spatstat - Spatial Point Pattern Analysis, Model-Fitting, Simulation, Tests spdep - Spatial Dependence: Weighting Schemes, Statistics and Models tigris - Download and use Census TIGER/Line shapefiles in R GWmodel - Geographically-Weighted Models tmap - R package for thematic maps R Development Packages for packages. Package Development List - R packages to improve package development. promises - Abstractions for Promise-Based Asynchronous Programming devtools - Tools to make an R developer's life easier. testthat - An R package to make testing fun. R6 - simpler, faster, lighter-weight alternative to R's built-in classes. pryr - Make it easier to understand what's going on in R. roxygen - Describe your functions in comments next to their definitions. lineprof - Visualise line profiling results in R. renv - Make your R projects more isolated, portable, and reproducible. installr - Functions for installing softwares from within R (for Windows). import - An import mechanism for R. box - A modern module system for R. Rocker - R configurations for Docker. RStudio Addins - List of RStudio addins. drat - Creation and use of R repositories on GitHub or other repos. covr - Test coverage for your R package and (optionally) upload the results to coveralls or codecov. lintr - Static code analysis for R to enforce code style. staticdocs - Generate static html documentation for an R package. sinew - Generate roxygen2 skeletons populated with information scraped from the function script. Logging Packages for Logging futile.logger - A logging package in R similar to log4j log4r - A log4j derivative for R logging - A logging package emulating the python logging package. Data Packages Handy Data Packages engsoccerdata - English and European soccer results 1871-2016. gapminder - Excerpt from the Gapminder dataset (data about countries through the past 50 years). wbstats - Tools for searching and downloading data and statistics from the World Bank Data API and the World Bank Data Catalog API. ICON - complex systems & networks datasets from the Index of COmplex Networks (ICON) database webpage. RCOBOLDI - Import COBOL CopyBook data files directly into R as properly structured data frames. Package builds are available via Drat and DockerHub. Other Tools Handy Tools for R git2r - Gives you programmatic access to Git repositories from R. Conda - Most R packages are available through the Conda polyglot cross-platform dependency manager. Other Interpreters Alternative R engines. CXXR - Refactorising R into C++. fastR - FastR is an implementation of the R Language in Java atop Truffle and Graal. pqR - a "pretty quick" implementation of R renjin - a JVM-based interpreter for R. rho - Refactor the interpreter of the R language into a fully-compatible, efficient, VM for R. riposte - a fast interpreter and JIT for R. TERR - TIBCO Enterprise Runtime for R. Learning R Packages for Learning R. swirl - An interactive R tutorial directly in your R console. DataScienceR - a list of R tutorials for Data Science, NLP and Machine Learning. Resources Where to discover new R-esources. Websites Manuals R-project - The R Project for Statistical Computing. An Introduction to R - A very good introductory text on R, also covers some advanced topic. See also the Manuals section on CRAN CRAN Contributed Docs - CRAN Contributed Documentation in many languages. Quick-R - An excellent quick reference tryR - A quick course for getting started with R. Tools and References RDocumentation - Search through all CRAN, Bioconductor, Github packages and their archives with RDocumentation. rdrr.io - Find R package documentation. Try R packages in your browser. CRAN Task Views - Task Views for CRAN packages. rnotebook.io - Create online R Jupyter Notebooks for free. News and Info R Weekly - Weekly updates about R and Data Science. R Weekly is openly developed on GitHub. R Bloggers - There are people scattered across the Web who blog about R. This is simply an aggregator of many of those feeds. R-users - A job board for R users (and the people who are looking to hire them) Books Free and Online R for Data Science by Garrett Grolemund & Hadley Wickham - Free book from RStudio developers with emphasis on data science workflow. R Cookbook by Winston Chang - A problem-oriented online book that supports his R Graphics Cookbook, 2nd ed. (2018). Advanced R, 2nd ed. by Hadley Wickham (2019) - An online version of the Advanced R book. R Packages, 2nd ed. by Hadley Wickham & Jennifer Bryan - A book (in paper and website formats) on writing R packages. Books written as part of the Johns Hopkins Data Science Specialization: Exploratory Data Analysis with R by Roger D. Peng (2016) - Basic analytical skills for all sorts of data in R. R Programming for Data Science by Roger D. Peng (2019) - More advanced data analysis that relies on R programming. Report Writing for Data Science in R by Roger D. Peng (2019) - R-based methods for reproducible research and report generation. R for SAS and SPSS users by Bob Muenchen (2012) - An excellent resource for users already familiar with SAS or SPSS. Introduction to Statistical Learning with Application in R by Gareth James et al. (2017) - A simplified and "operational" version of The Elements of Statistical Learning. Free softcopy provided by its authors. The R Inferno by Patrick Burns (2011) - Patrick Burns gives insight into R's ins and outs along with its quirks! Efficient R Programming by Colin Gillespie & Robin Lovelace (2017) - An online version of the OReilly book: Efficient R Programming. The R Programming Wikibook - A collaborative handbook for R. Paid The Art of R Programming - It's a good resource for systematically learning fundamentals such as types of objects, control statements, variable scope, classes and debugging in R. R Cookbook, 2nd ed. by JD Long & Paul Teetor (2019) - A quick and simple introduction to conducting many common statistical tasks with R. R in Action - This book aims at all levels of users, with sections for beginning, intermediate and advanced R ranging from "Exploring R data structures" to running regressions and conducting factor analyses. Use R! Series by Springer - This series of inexpensive and focused books from Springer publish shorter books aimed at practitioners. Books can discuss the use of R in a particular subject area, such as Bayesian networks, ggplot2 and Rcpp. Learning R Programming - Learning R as a programming language from basics to advanced topics. Book/monograph Lists and Reviews R Books List - List of R Books. Readings in Applied Data Science - These readings reflect Hadley's personal thoughts about applied data science. Podcasts Not So Standard Deviations - The Data Science Podcast. @Roger Peng and @Hilary Parker. R World News - R World News helps you keep up with happenings within the R community. @Bob Rudis and @Jay Jacobs. The R-Podcast - Giving practical advice on how to use R. @Eric Nantz. R Talk - News and discussions of statistical software and language R. @Oliver Keyes, @Jasmine Dumas, @Ted Hart and @Mikhail Popov. R Weekly - Weekly news updates about the R community. Reference Cards RStudio Cheat Sheets R Reference Card 2.0 - Material from R for Beginners by permission of Emmanuel Paradis (Version 2 by Matt Baggott). Regression Analysis Refcard - R Reference Card for Regression Analysis. Reference Card for ESS - Reference Card for ESS. MOOCs Massive open online courses. Johns Hopkins University Data Science Specialization - 9 courses including: Introduction to R, literate analysis tools, Shiny and some more. HarvardX Biomedical Data Science - Introduction to R for the Life Sciences. Explore Statistics with R - Covers introduction, data handling and statistical analysis in R. Lists Great resources for learning domain knowledge. Books - List of R Books. ggplot2 Extensions - Showcases of ggplot2 extensions. Natural Language Processing - NLP related resources in R. @Chinese Network Analysis - Network Analysis related resources. Open Data - Using R to obtain, parse, manipulate, create, and share open data. Posts - Great R blog posts or Rticles. Package Development - R packages to improve package development. R Project Conferences - Information about useR! Conferences and DSC Conferences. RStartHere - A guide to some of the most useful R packages, organized by workflow. RStudio Addins - List of RStudio addins. Topic Models - Topic Models learning and R related resources. Web Technologies - Information about how to use R and the world wide web together. R Ecosystems R communities and package collections (in alphabetical order): rOpenGov Open government data, computational social science, digital humanities rOpenHealth Public health data rOpenSci Open science 2018 fable - univariate and multivariate time series forecasting models r2d3 - R Interface to D3 Visualizations rstats-ed - List of courses teaching R promises - Abstractions for Promise-Based Asynchronous Programming tinytex - A lightweight and easy-to-maintain LaTeX distribution Readings in Applied Data Science - These readings reflect Hadley's personal thoughts about applied data science. 2017 prophet - Tool for producing high quality forecasts for time series data that has multiple seasonality with linear or non-linear growth. tidyverse - Easily install and load packages from the tidyverse purrr - A functional programming toolkit for R hrbrthemes -  Opinionated, typographic-centric ggplot2 themes and theme components xaringan - Create HTML5 slides with R Markdown and the JavaScript library blogdown - Create Blogs and Websites with R Markdown glue - Glue strings to data in R. Small, fast, dependency free interpreted string literals. covr - Test coverage reports for R lintr - Static Code Analysis for R reprex - Render bits of R code for sharing, e.g., on GitHub or StackOverflow. reticulate - R Interface to Python tensorflow - TensorFlow for R utf8 - Manipulating and printing UTF-8 text that fixes multiple bugs in R's UTF-8 handling. Patchwork - Combine separate ggplots into the same graphic. Other Awesome Lists awesome-awesomeness lists awesome-rshiny Contributing Your contributions are always welcome! This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License - CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 About A curated list of awesome R packages, frameworks and software. Topics data-science list awesome r rstats data-analysis awesome-list Resources Readme Activity Stars 6.1k stars Watchers 414 watching Forks 1.5k forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 91 + 77 contributors Languages R 100.0% Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.