GitHub - readthedocs-examples/awesome-read-the-docs: A curated list of awesome Read the Docs projects Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert readthedocs-examples / awesome-read-the-docs Public generated from jthegedus/awesome-list-template Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 8 Star 169 A curated list of awesome Read the Docs projects about.readthedocs.com/ License View license 169 stars 8 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 2 Pull requests 2 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights readthedocs-examples/awesome-read-the-docs mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History102 Commits.github.github cici profileprofile .gitattributes.gitattributes .tool-versions.tool-versions README.mdREADME.md code_of_conduct.mdcode_of_conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md licenselicense readthedocs-logo.svgreadthedocs-logo.svg View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductLicense Awesome Read the Docs A curated list of awesome documentation projects, useful to learn from and for bootstrapping new documentation projects. Plus cool real-life usages of Read the Docs. Read the Docs is a fully open-source platform that builds and publishes documentation. Read more on https://about.readthedocs.com. Foreword Many new and exciting documentation projects have emerged in science and academia, taking the world of documentation beyond just software projects. To capture the latest development and trends, we are compiling a list of inspirational uses of documentation technology, especially outside of the traditional field of software documentation. In addition to showing awesome and real-life Read the Docs projects, a number of Example Projects are being built to help people learn and get started. We hope that this will inspire people writing documentation, developing new documentation projects or updating existing ones. All projects mentioned here are open source, meaning that you can find their source code and understand how it's done. The list is a work in progress, please feel invited to contribute! Contents Sphinx projects MkDocs projects API Reference Science projects Tag cloud Sphinx projects CrateDB - Crate.io has integrated their documentation experience into their general website. There's a total of 15 documentation projects nested. They use a custom theme, crate-docs-theme to orchestrate the projects and align them. #sphinx #custom-theme. django-cms - django-cms's developer documentation is as extensive as it's well-organized. It uses the Furo theme. #sphinx #large-project. Ray - Ray is a documentation project spanning multiple software components. It uses several extensions from the Executable Book project. Features are showcased in this twitter thread. #sphinx #themes #large-project. Scrapy - Embeds a lot of reference snippets and uses sphinx-hoverxref for quick reference tooltips. Lots of inspiration to be found in content organization. #sphinx. setuptools - Lots of features, using the Furo theme. Twitter thread with some examples. #sphinx #themes. sphinx-needs - Documentation of sphinx-needs. #sphinx #themes. sphinx-immaterial - Documentation of sphinx-immaterial, a Material theme for Sphinx, based on Material for MkDocs. #sphinx #themes. Uberspace - Customized sidebar and footer, adding project's branding through custom CSS and HTML to sphinx_rtd_theme. Latest version and release date on front page. #sphinx #themes #custom-theme. Wagtail - Wagtail is a Django-based CMS with a global community. The documentation spans multiple stakeholders (editors and developers), has it's own beautiful theme and is largely structured around Ditaxis ideals. The Release Notes and Contribution guide are remarkable. Wagtail's documentation uses a minimal set of Sphinx extensions. #sphinx #themes #diataxis. Weblate - Weblate is a translation platform with a large documentation project with many translations and customized Read the Docs theme. Documentation aimed at all segments: users, administrators and developers. Also features an extensive Changelog. #sphinx #themes #translation. MkDocs projects Argo CD - Material for MkDocs theme with custom colors and a nice version drop down. Animated product demo and carefully designed sidebar presenting targeted guides for Operators, Users and Developers. #mkdocs #themes #large-project. doc2dash - Material for MkDocs with a custom version provider fully compatible with Read the Docs #mkdocs #themes. Nautobot - Extensive usage of the subprojects feature to organize numerous documentation projects under the same custom domain / landing page. Each subproject has its own release cycle. Features are showcased in this twitter thread. #mkdocs #themes #large-project. Sidra Data Platform - Material for MkDocs theme with version selector and search integrated via Read the Docs Addons. #mkdocs #themes #business. The Haskell Tool Stack - A matured MkDocs project using their documentation website as their main website. Notice both the structure and the considerate use of widgets included in Material for MkDocs #mkdocs #themes. API Reference discord.py - This projects very rich Python API reference uses custom extension for quick overview tables of attributes and methods + sphinx-hoverxref for tooltips with API reference + source link references for GitHub source code. #apidocs #sphinx #themes Science projects AiiDA demonstration - A hardware demo/tutorial written with lots of examples and illustrations. Behind the scenes, Conda is used by installing mambaforge and storing the setup in environment.yml. #sphinx #jupyter-notebook Crest Ocean System - Uses sphinx-hoverxref and Executable Book. Video tutorials in text. Lots of embeds, Trello, YouTube and more. #sphinx #themes jupyter-book - Jupyter-book automatically creates Sphinx projects from projects that are friendly to Jupyter Notebook users. #jupyter-notebook #sphinx #diataxis. jupyter-sphinx - Directly executes and renders Jupyter Notebooks in documentation projects. #jupyter-notebook #sphinx. jupyter-tutorial - Uses a set of extensions for Sphinx, for instance direct rendering of .ipynb files with nbsphinx. #jupyter-notebook #sphinx. msticpy - MSTIC Jupyter and Python Security Tools, msticpy is a library for InfoSec investigation and hunting in Jupyter Notebooks. #jupyter-notebook #sphinx. nbsphinx - Banner and buttons to view interactive versions of currently displayed *.ipynb files using the Binder service. Notice also the awesome PDF version. #jupyter-notebook #sphinx. poliastro - An extensive science project, demonstrating rich use of math formulas, interactive plotting in 3d, sphinx-hoverxref, custom 404s and a nice copy button on code examples. Notice how well the navigation reflects the Ditaxis framework #sphinx #diataxis. SunPy - A large documentation project for an open-source package for solar physics. Embeds the main website's menu and uses a custom theme. Extensive changelog and release notes. #custom-theme, sphinx, #apidocs. TorchIO - An open-source Python library targeting 3D medical images in deep learning. Combines API documentation with usage examples, uses "single version" for a singular "rolling release" documentation. Screenshots in this Twitter thread. #themes, sphinx. TomoBank - A big list of tomographic datasets and phantoms, featuring especially tables and images and maintained by science community. #sphinx. Tag cloud The categories in this list are intersecting at the following tags: #sphinx, #mkdocs, #themes, #custom-theme, #jupyter-notebook, #diataxis, #large-project, #apidocs, #translation Contributing Contributions of any kind welcome, just follow the guidelines! Contributors Thanks goes to these contributors! About A curated list of awesome Read the Docs projects about.readthedocs.com/ Topics documentation awesome awesome-list read-the-docs Resources Readme License View license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Custom properties Stars 169 stars Watchers 6 watching Forks 8 forks Report repository Contributors 4 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.