GitHub - mailtoharshit/awesome-salesforce: A curated list of delightful Salesforce Platform Resources Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert mailtoharshit / awesome-salesforce Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 203 Star 743 A curated list of delightful Salesforce Platform Resources 743 stars 203 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 3 Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights mailtoharshit/awesome-salesforce masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History350 Commits.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE srcsrc .travis.yml.travis.yml README.mdREADME.md _config.yml_config.yml contributing.mdcontributing.md index.mdindex.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADME Useful resources for creating apps with Salesforce Inspired by the awesome list thing. You might also like to read complete awesome-list. What is Awesome Salesforce ? Awesome is awesome project started by Sindre Sorhus who is most popular person on Github. He created a project to list down coolest of links bookmarked in your machines and organized them together by compiling them at one place. Later, this projects caught fire and developers community around the world started writing awesome pages (dedicated to their favorite technology). What makes for an awesome list? Read the awesome manifesto and ensure your list complies. The Fiery Meter of AWSome Repo with 0100+ Stars:  Repo with 0200+ Stars:  Repo with 0500+ Stars:  Repo with 1000+ Stars:  Repo with 2000+ Stars:  Repos not on The Fiery Meter of AWSome can still be awesome A Note on Repo AWSomeness Each repo listed meets at least one of the following requirements: Community-authored repo with 100+ stars Community-vouched repo with < 100 stars 100+ stars for community repos is not a strict requirement, it only serves as a guideline for the initial compilation. If you can vouch for the awesomeness of a repo with < 100 stars and you can explain why it should be listed, please submit a pull request. Pull requests might be left open for a period of time to let the community chime in and vouch for it. An official repo from aws or awslabs can be removed if the community wishes. Check out the awesome manifesto. Read Related Awesome Pages : Awesome Lighting Awesome Articles Awesome Browser Extensions Awesome Heroku Table of Contents Awesome Salesforce Salesforce Developer Free Edition Signup Resource to Learn Salesforce Platform IDE Developer Utilities/Tools for Salesforce Salesforce Browser Extensions Open Source Github Project from Salesforce Salesforce Lightning Resources Mobile Development with Salesforce Mobile SDK Mobile Packs TroubleShooting and Developers Support Salesforce Certification Program Salesforce University Salesforce Technical Blogs Contribute to Project Awesome-Salesforce How to create pull request and report bug Salesforce Developer Free Edition Signup Signup for Free Developer Account - Signup for Free Developer Account. IDE The previously popular Mavensmate editor(http://mavensmate.com/) has now ceased developement. Force.com IDE - Based on Eclipse Platform, supported and packaged by Salesforce.com(NOW RETIRED) ASIDE.IO - Online Editor, fast and connects to any Salesforce org quickly. WelkinSuite for Windows - Desktop Editor for force.com application, free for use, pay for support. C9.IO - Online Editor, connects to any Salesforce org quickly. Illuminated Cloud - A powerful Force.com development tool hosted within JetBrains IntelliJ IDEA. Plugins for Salesforce Eclipse Plugin - Based on Eclipse Platform, supported and packaged by Salesforce.com Atom Plugin- MavensMate plugin for building Salesforce.com/Force.com/Salesforce1 applications inside GitHub's Atom text editor Visual Studio Code Salesforce Extensions for VS Code are the official Salesforce VS Code extensions. ForceCode is a Visual Studio Code extension for Salesforce development Auto-complete + Provides auto-completions for Apex & Visualforce, Go-To & Peek Definition and Realtime Syntax Checking xysfdx is a Visual Studio Code extension for Salesforce SFDX Development. Salesforce Snippets is a VS Code Extension which provides useful Salesforce snippets to speed up writing code for Salesforce platform ApexMate- Apex Plugin for TextMate. VimAwesome- VIM Plugin for Force.com. Force.com CLI- Command-line interface to Force.com. HaoIDE - Sublime Plugin for Force.com JedIDE - Force.com integration for IntelliJ IDEA Mavensmate Mavensmate extension for VS code. The main Mavensmate project is now no longer active, so this plugin may be of limited use. Salesforce Custom Search Engines findsf: Google Custom Search of Salesforce related sites Search The Force.com: Google custom search of Salesforce related sites with OpenSearch support Browser extensions for Salesforce Read cruciated list of Awesome-list-of-browser-extensions-of-salesforce Packages and Libraries supporting salesforce Apex mocks - ApexMocks is a mocking framework for the Force.com Apex language.It derives it's inspiration from the well known Java mocking framework Mockito Apex Commons - Common Apex Library supporting Apex Enterprise Patterns and much more! Must deploy ApexMocks before deploying this library.Also see MavensMate Templates Apex Commons Sample Code - Samples application illustrating the Apex Enterprise Patterns library Must deploy Apex Common before deploying this library Apex Metadata API - Apex Wrapper for the Salesforce Metadata API Apex Core HttpCallout - Apex HTTP Callout Framework. This library has been extended by five libraries Google Cloud Print Google Drive Google Mirror Google Sheets Dropbox Key Features of this library Framework for HTTP callouts. JSON serialization and deserialization base classes. OAuth Client - extends the base AbstractClient to provide the callouts required for OAuth authentication. Polyforce - PolyForce is the project started as an idea with a motive create polymer applications/components that derive data from Salesforce, The idea create a robust set of polymer components that can mutually be shared with each other and on the other hand provide a working sample for developers to learn and get inspired to built more components Salesforce to Github - Github API client in Apex for Force.com Apex UML Digram Maker - Create UML diagrams from Apex code using the Tooling API SfApexDoc - A full-featured Apex documentation generator, similar to JavaDoc. Visualforce TableGrid - TableGrid is a free, open-source Force.com library, that provides users and developers a highly customizable, native-looking, sortable, filterable, editable Grid Visualforce component. This component can be used as an advanced, highly configurable (by developer and user) replacement of apex:pageBlockTables and Standard Related Lists Force.com ESAPI - Enterprise Security API for the Apex language on the Force.com platform. This library consists of three modules - Validation, Output Encoding and Access Control(CRUD, FLS and Sharing). R.apex - Functional library for Apex. This library, inspired by Ramda.js, offers a bunch of utility functions to manipulate Apex collections, as well as extensive support for functional programming. Force DI - Generic dependency injection (DI) library with support for injecting Apex, Visualforce, Lightning, and Flows at runtime. Query.apex - SOQL query builder on Salesforce.com platform, which supports complex conditions, field and namespace management, child relationships query, and functional programming style coding. Apex Chainable Batch - Apex Batches can be chained by calling the successor batch from the finish() method of the previous batch. But such hardcoding makes this model inflexible. It's hard to build the chain from outside, neighter from a central class nor on runtime dependant on business logic. Apex Test Kit - Apex Test Kit can help generate massive sObject data for Apex test classes. It is can help establish arbitrary levels of many-to-one, one-to-many relationships, and also generate field values based on simple rules automatically. Developer Utilities Weave - Sublime Text Plugin to generate boilerplate Salesforce Code Templates GitHub Salesforce Deploy Tool - Automagically deploy a GitHub repository to a Salesforce ORG and "Deploy to Salesforce button" to your README.md files Cinnamon-Cinnamon is a Force.com app that enables you to build and run Selenium tests to validate custom UI pages with Visualforce/Javascript in your Salesforce org. Push Notification Plugin for iOS and Android- Cordova Push Notifications Plugin for Android, iOS, WP8 and Amazon Fire OS Salesforce1-Dev-Guide-Setup-Package-Salesforce1-Dev-Guide-Setup-Package Analytics-Cloud-Dataset-Utils- Utility to load external data into Analytics Cloud datasets, and transform existing datasets. Workbench- Workbench is a powerful, web-based suite of tools designed for administrators and developers to interact with Salesforce.com organizations via the Force.com APIs. Playground- Adminbooster Playground is an online tool to run SOQL/SOSL queries or Apex code, providing high level features for analysis and admin productivity. CassaCloud- Nice salesforce debug helps you to understand logs from Salesforce developer console. For example if you have Map of map with lists, it is hard to find value where it exactly is. SoqlXplorer- SoqlXplorer is an awesome tool for developers using the Salesforce.com platform. force-dev-tool - Command line tool supporting the Force.com development lifecycle. JSON to Apex- Generate an Apex class from a JSON string. Salesforce IDs converter- Convert IDs on 15 characters to IDs on 18 characters. Sweet.apex - Sweet.apex is the next generation of Apex development, transpiling Sweet Apex(a feature-rich Apex-like code) to Apex classes. soql-parser-js - JavaScript library for parsing SOQL queries, composing SOQL queries, and formatting SOQL queries. Adminite - A query editor desktop app with built-in auto completions, inline data editing, and more. Git Ignore for Salesforce GitIgnore for Salesforce - Reusable .gitIgnore file for Salesforce or Force.com Projects Open Source Projects Repositories from Salesforce Salesforce Git Repo - Grab all latest salesforce open source projects here, you will find awesome projects, framework, libraries that salesforce and opened for the world Salesforce Labs - Checkout open source and experimental projects from Salesforce Team. Get an early access to features that can qualify in feature and contribute your ideas Salesforce Mobile UI - Polymer Elements for Salesforce - Mobile UI Elements is a free, open-source Force.com (unsupported) library to simplify the development of mobile apps. The library, based on the Googles Polymer framework, provides the fundamental building blocks for creating HTML5 apps that run well on smartphones and tablets ForceServer - It supportes a proxy and web server, ForceServer is a simple development server aimed at providing a simple and integrated developer experience when building applications that use Salesforce OAuth and REST services. Javascript Libraries for Salesforce JSForce - JSforce (f.k.a. Node-Salesforce) - it capsulates the access to various APIs provided by Salesforce in asynchronous JavaScript function calls.Unlike other Salesforce API libraries, it is intended to give integrated interface both server-side and client-side apps, so you don't have to rewrite similar logics with different libraries only for running in different environment.Additionally, it has useful command line interface (CLI) which gives interactive console (REPL), so you can learn the usage without hassle. ForceSniffer - Device Detection Library for Salesforce - Simplified Library that detect Mobile Devices, Salesforce1 App and other Saleforce Context. ForceJS - With ES6 support now, this micro library designed to use the Salesforce REST APIs in JavaScript Apps nForce - nforce is a node.js salesforce REST API wrapper for force.com, database.com, and salesforce.com ngForce -A set of Angular.js modules that facilitate quick and sustainable Angular.js application development on the Force.com Platform. ForceTK- ForceTK - a minimal Force.com REST API for JavaScript apps ForceEng - Micro-Library to use Salesforce REST API in AngularJS apps Formulon - Formula parser completely implemented in ES6. See Demo Scripting Toolkit - Windows based toolkit to run native Javascript to access Salesforce data. UX Libraries for Salesforce Salesforce Lightning Design System - Office UI library based on Lightning Experience Design Language - With the Lightning Design System you can build custom applications with a look and feel that is consistent with Salesforce core features  without reverse engineering our styles! Simply download our platform-agnostic CSS framework and get started today. to showcase, usage of Google Material Design on Salesforce Feather - Google Material Design Mockup for Salesforce - Library React Components for Saleforce Lightning Design System - Salesforce Lightning Design System components built with React Salesforce ReactJS SPA Starter - A template project to create ReactJS-based single page application on Salesforce, with automatic build script (Gulp.js) ForceSpinner - Loaders/Spinner collections to leverage powerful User Experience for Salesforce Projects Avonni Creator - Salesforce prototyping tool with sophisticated Lightning Design System support. ETL Tools Data Loader - Is an easy to use graphical tool that helps you to get your data into Salesforce objects. SFXOrgData - Copy data from your Production or Full Sandbox environment to Developer/Dev Pro sandboxes. DreamFactory Monarch - Migrate related sets of data between Orgs. Jitterbit - Commercial software integration product that facilitates transport between legacy, enterprise, and on-demand computing applications. Pentaho Kettle - The most popular open-source graphical ETL tool. Talend - An open source application for data integration job design with a graphical development environment. Some other solutions from awesome-etl list. Salesforce Lightning Awesome Lightning: Awesome Contents for Salesforce Lightning Framework Salesforce Browser Extensions Awesome Salesforce Browser Extensions: Collection of Awesome Browser Extensions for Salesforce Mobile Development with Salesforce Mobile SDK Salesfoce MobileSDK for iOS-If you'd like to work with the source code of the SDK itself, you've come to the right place! You can browse sample app source code and debug down through the layers to get a feel for how everything works under the covers. Salesfoce MobileSDK for Windows-Build the project normally in Visual Studio; everything should build fine. If you wish to create a new project and not use the NuGet versions of the core libraries, simply create a new project with the template, remove the NuGet reference and add references to Salesforce.SDK.Core, Salesforce.SDK.Store (for windows projects) or Salesforce.SDK.Phone for phone projects. Salesfoce MobileSDK for Andriod- Source repository for the Salesforce Mobile SDK for Android. Salesforce Mobile Packs with Javascript Libraries Google Polymer Pack : Try Designer | Github Repo | Watch Designer Video | Build your Mobile App with a set of new HTML tags that ease the development of salesforce driven user interfaces. It's based on the Googles Polymer framework and uses Web Components to provide fundamental building blocks for creating an Offline enabled application with Salesforce Mobile SDK AngularJS Pack : Get Started | Github Repo | Design and build apps that separate UI, logic, and data using Mobile Pack for AngularJS. Google's AngularJS lets you reap the benefits of a Model-View-Control architecture in your JavaScript code and utilize advanced features like reusable components and dependency injection. Troubleshooting and queries Force.com Discussion boards : Rich variety of boards are available to discuss almost anything about platform. Locate the correct board [here]. Tweet: Force.com community is pretty active on Twitter, tweet your question with hash #askforce StackOverFlow: Post your questions with right tags like apex, visualforce and salesforce to get a quick response. StackExchange: Salesforce Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for Salesforce administrators, implementation experts, developers and anybody in-between. It's 100% free, no registration required. salesforce-developer.ru: Russian-speaking Salesforce community: there are developer's and admin's forum and blog. Official Salesforce Twitter Accounts Salesforce Developers Salesforce Docs Salesforce Stack Exchange Salesforce Service Cloud Salesforce ForceDotComLabs Salesforce SalesforceLive Salesforce Engineering Salesforce UX Salesforce PartnerForce Learning Salesforce Platform Trailhead - Trailhead teaches you how to build cloud apps for free with fun, interactive tutorials. Stand out by learning in-demand Salesforce development skills. Udacity Course - This class teaches you how to build powerful web and mobile apps and host them in the cloud, without writing a line of code. Pluralsight Course - A crash course on how to code Apex taught by four time Salesforce MVP David Liu. Focus on Force - This inexpensive learning resource provides platform courses, study guides, and practice exams for several certification paths including Admin, Advanced Admin, App Builder, Platform Developer I, Platform Developer II, among others. Salesforce Certification Program Introducing three new Salesforce certifications: Salesforce Platform App Builder, Salesforce Platform Developer I, and Salesforce Platform Developer II. Online Salesforce Certification Credentials Verification Click Here Ready to register for an exam? Click here. Salesforce University Salesforce University Home Technical Blogs Salesforce Developer Relations Blog - Managed by Salesforce Developer Relations Team, you will find coolest of updates in the world of Salesforce, mostly experienments, features and developer evagelist blog official from this podium. Salesforce Engineering Blog - Covers latest update from engineering team, you will find updates about core engineering and product releated post and some awesome people to follow Andrew Fawcett - CTO at Financialforce.com, Author and known for his outstanding contribution to Salesforce Community. Read More Andrez Perez - (ElToro.IT) - Articles about Lightning Components, Apex, Visualforce, Force.com and Salesforce in general. He is a Master Technical Instructor at Salesforce.com and owns 11x Salesforce certifications. Christophe Coenraets - Christophe Coenraets is a Developer Evangelist for Salesforce.com where he focuses on mobile application development, Read More Harshit Pandey -(Oyecode) - Harshit Pandey is Principal Technical Architect at Intuitive Surgical, previously Technical Architect at Salesforce.com Developer Relations Team and build Trailhead while at Salesforce, love to expriement with ever evoloving capacities of Salesforce Read More Jeff Doughlas - Senior Technical Consultant at Appirio & Developer Evangelist Architect at topcoder specializing in cloud-based, APIs & mobile apps. Read More Keir Bowden- Also known as Keir Bowden and Keir is Chief Technical Officer at BrightGen, a Salesforce Platinum Partner, in the United Kingdom.Read More Enrico Murru -(Nerd @ Work) - Also known as Enreeco or ForceLogic.Ultra geek tech lover mercenary software developer and Salesforce enthusiast. Read More Peter Knolle - Peter Knolle enjoys working with all kinds of different technologies. Certified Salesforce.com professional, and Force.com MVP. Read More Abhinav Gupta -(TechGerm)- Force.com MVP & Architect - Passionate about S1 & Javascript, Architect by Profession and now owner of his company focusing on salesforce Consulting Read More Jitendra Zaa- 7 Salesforce Certificates, MVP and Technical Architect working on platform since 2008 Read More Mohith Shrivastava -(CloudyWorld)- Mohit is CodeScience at Codescience.com. He is known for his valuable contribution in stackexchange owns 9x Salesforce certification. The Wizard News - The Wizard News is a central location for blogs, video, and podcasts created by Brian Kwong  aka Salesforce Wizard. WIPDeveloper.com - WIPDevloper.com is where content created by Brett Nelson exploring areas of development in the Salesforce ecosystem is hosted. Podcasts Good day, Sir! Podcast - A WEEKLY TECHNOLOGY AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT PODCAST, WITH A STRONG FOCUS ON THE SALESFORCE PLATFORM. SalesforceWay Podcast - A WEEKLY SALESFORCE DEVELOPER TARGETED PODCAST. Salesforce Posse - The Salesforce Posse podcast was created to tell the world about Salesforce development and architecture best practice and news from the Salesforce eco-system. Code Coverage - Code Coverage is a podcast for developers on the force.com platform, in each episode we talk to a developer about how they got involved with the platform, what theyre working on, technologies they like and what they consider to be their most creative solution. Contribute Contributions welcome! Read the contribution guidelines first. BugReport-PullRequest Add your link as per the top-level Category page within the topic sub-section(s), in alphabetical order, with notes (if any) in the markdown files. For broken links or outdated information, submit a bug report (BR), or make the necessary changes and submit a PR. Both are welcome. Please submit separate PR's for each link or change added. For those unable to use git, create a github account, then fork this` repo on the user interface. Then edit the page by clicking on the "pencil" icon on the markdown page, then click on save and submit a PR. Github does this automatically in 8 steps. License About A curated list of delightful Salesforce Platform Resources Resources Readme Activity Stars 743 stars Watchers 95 watching Forks 203 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 35 + 21 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.