GitHub - dastergon/awesome-sre: A curated list of Site Reliability and Production Engineering resources. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert dastergon / awesome-sre Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 1.6k Star 12.3k A curated list of Site Reliability and Production Engineering resources. sre.xyz License CC0-1.0 license 12.3k stars 1.6k forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 31 Pull requests 18 Discussions Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Discussions Actions Security Insights dastergon/awesome-sre masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History639 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md awesome-sre-logo.svgawesome-sre-logo.svg View all filesRepository files navigationREADMELicenseAwesome Site Reliability Engineering A curated list of awesome Site Reliability and Production Engineering resources. What is Site Reliability Engineering? "Fundamentally, it's what happens when you ask a software engineer to design an operations function." - Ben Treynor Sloss, VP Google Engineering, founder of Google SRE Contributing Please take a look at the contribution guidelines first. Contributions are always welcome! Contents Culture Education Books Hiring Reliability Monitoring & Observability & Alerting On-Call Post-Mortem Capacity Planning Service Level Agreement Performance Programming Misc Articles Real-time Messaging Blogs Newsletters Conferences & Meetups Twitter SRE Tools SRE Podcasts Culture What is Site Reliability Engineering? Keys To SRE by Ben Treynor Google SRE Resources Notes from Production Engineering by Pedro Canahuati PostOps: Recovery from Operations Love DevOps? Wait 'till you meet SRE [video] How Google Does Planet-Scale Engineering for Planet-Scale Infra Site Reliability Engineering at Facebook A History of Site Reliability Engineering at Uber Case Study: Adopting SRE Principles at StackOverflow Site Reliability Engineering at Dropbox Site Reliability Engineers  Keeping Google up and running 24/7 Site Reliability Engineering at Salesforce From Sys Admin to Netflix SRE - video and slides SRE@Google: Thousands of DevOps Since 2004 Transactional System Administration Is Killing Us and Must be Stopped A hierarchy of SRE needs PostOps: A Non-Surgical Tale of Software, Fragility, and Reliability SRE: An incomplete guide to cultural Narnia - [Video] Putting Together Great SRE Teams Work at Google: Meet our Production Engineers for Site Reliability Hangout on Air Toil: A Word Every Engineer Should Know Engineering Reliability into Web Sites: Google SRE DEVOPS & SRE AMA - Building High Performance Organizations John Allspaw's AMA on Incident Analysis and Postmortems Site Reliability Engineering with Paul Newson - Part 1 & Part 2 How SysAdmins Devalue Themselves The Softer Side of DevOps SRE, noun. See also: confidence, trust. Site Reliability Engineering with Stephen Weinberg We are the Google Site Reliability team. We make Googles websites work. Ask us Anything! We are the Google Site Reliability Engineering team. Ask us Anything! The Ops Identity Crisis The Irreproducibility Of Bugs In Large-Scale Production Systems SE-Radio Episode 276: Bjrn Rabenstein on Site Reliability Engineering Microservices, DevOps and Production Complexity Introducing Google Customer Reliability Engineering Evolution or Rebellion? The rise of Site Reliability Engineers (SRE) The difference between Site Reliability Engineering, System Administration, and DevOps SRE in the Small and in the Large SBSRE Meetup: Different SRE roles and challenges(Netflix) Panel: Who/What Is SRE? Hope Is Not a Strategy Tenets of SRE Site Reliability Engineering Demystified Is Site Reliability Engineering the True Ops in DevOps? SRE vs. DevOps vs. Cloud Native: The Server Cage Match SRE: Whats The Big Idea? Building the SRE Culture at LinkedIn Podcast #111  SRE: Occasionally Maintaining Infrastructure That You Hate Splicing SRE DNA Sequences in the Biggest Software Company on the Planet Why should your app get SRE support? - CRE life lessons How SREs find the landmines in a service - CRE life lessons Making the most of an SRE service takeover - CRE life lessons The Cloudcast #301: SRE and Infrastructure Operations (Podcast) The SRE model Onboarding New Site Reliability Engineers Building Blocks for Site Reliability At Google Beyond Google SRE: What is Site Reliability Engineering like at Medium? Intelligent Site Reliability Engineering  A Machine Learning Perspective A crash course in LinkedIn's global site operations Googles Site Reliability Engineering with Todd Underwood What is Site Reliability Engineering? (VMware) A Gentle Introduction to SRE Understanding Site Reliability Engineering through Movies and Books GOTO 2017  Site Reliability Engineering at Google  Christof Leng The Makeup of Successful Geographically-Distributed SRE Teams - Part1 & Part2 Tech Leadership in SRE The Azure Podcast: Episode 227 - Azure SRE The human scalability of "DevOps" Podcast: Site Reliability Management with Mike Hiraga How a cat inspired system reliability at Knowlarity Getting Started with Site Reliability Engineering "Practical Applications of the Dickerson Pyramid" by Nat Welch LinkedIns Kurt Andersen Uncovers Blindspots in SRE Implementations Interview with Betsy Beyer, Stephen Thorne of Google Less Risk Through Greater Humanity - Dave Rensin Getting Started with SRE - Stephen Thorne, Google Building Successful SRE in Large Enterprises Solving Reliability Fears with Site Reliability Engineering SRE vs. DevOps: competing standards or close friends? How to Avoid the 5 SRE Implementation Traps that Catch Even the Best Teams Reliability Engineering  The Essential Discipline for Complex Systems The Modern Site Reliability Workbench on Top of OCI SRE in the Third Age About SRE and how (not) to apply it Transitioning a typical engineering ops team into an SRE powerhouse Making a Lion Bulletproof: SRE in Banking Identifying and tracking toil using SRE principles From Ops to SRE: Evolution of the OpenShift Dedicated Team Meeting reliability challenges with SRE principles A quick introduction to SRE principles The SRE I Aspire to Be Taming Operational Load with VMware CRE SRE Cultural Values Are we there yet? Thoughts on assessing an SRE teams maturity What SREs have to do with project-based services? Making operational work more visible SRE vs. DevOps: Whats the Difference Between Them? Education Panel: Educating SRE From Zero to Hero: Recommended Practices for Training your Ever-Evolving SRE Teams New to an SRE team? The Systems Engineering Side of Site Reliability Engineering Graduating from Bootcamp and interested in becoming a Site Reliability Engineer? So you want to be a Site Reliability Engineer? Spiraling Ops Debt & the SRE Coding Imperative So you want to be an SRE? Career Profiles/Site Reliability Engineer What is the role of a Site Reliability Engineer? Lynda.com: DevOps Foundations: Site Reliability Engineering Incident Management Training: Wheel of Misfortune Site Un-Reliability Engineering [Video Series] The Ultimate Guide to Structuring a 90-Day Onboarding Plan SRE fundamentals: SLIs, SLAs and SLOs How to Get Into SRE Do you have an SRE team yet? How to start and assess your journey How SRE teams are organized, and how to get started Why SRE Documents Matter How to get started with site reliability engineering (SRE) Duties of a Site Reliability Engineering Manager Designing distributed systems using NALSD flashcards Training Site Reliability Engineers: What Your Organization Needs to Create a Learning Program SRE Classroom: Distributed PubSub workshop School of SRE: Curriculum for onboarding non-traditional hires and new grads Books Practical Linux Infrastructure Site Reliability Engineering: How Google Runs Production Systems The Site Reliability Workbook: Practical Ways to Implement SRE Observability Engineering: Achieving Production Excellence The Practice Of Cloud System Administration: Designing and Operating Large Distributed Systems Web Operations - Keeping the Data On Time The Checklist Manifesto: How to Get Things Right Microservices in Production - Standard Principles and Requirements Production-Ready Microservices - Building Standardized Systems Across an Engineering Organization Systems Performance: Enterprise and the Cloud [Sample chapter titled CPUs Monitoring Distributed Systems: Case Studies from Google's SRE Teams The Human Side of Postmortems: Managing Stress and Cognitive Biases Chaos Engineering: Building Confidence in System Behavior through Experiment Post-Incident Reviews: Learning from Failure for Improved Incident Responses Antifragile Systems and Teams How to Monitoring the SRE Golden Signals (E-Book) Incident Management for Operations Real-World SRE Seeking SRE What is SRE? Engineering Reliable Mobile Applications: Strategies for Developing Resilient Native Mobile Applications Building Secure and Reliable Systems Chaos Engineering: Crash test your applications 97 Things Every SRE Should Know Four Steps to Creating Effective Game Day Tests The Linux Programming Interface Hiring SRE Hiring Hiring SREs at LinkedIn Hiring Site Reliability Engineers Hiring your first SRE Growing the Site Reliability Team at LinkedIn: Hiring is Hard Engineering Manager - Site Reliability Engineering Interview Preparation Reliability The Realities of the Job of Delivering Reliability Fail at Scale by Ben Maurer Embracing Failure: Fault-Injection and Service Reliability 10 Years of Crashing Google How we break things at Twitter: failure testing Reliable Cron across the Planet Push our limits - reliability testing at Twitter The Verification of a Distributed System by Caitie McCaffrey Weathering the Unexpected SRE Hour: Tech Talks by Box & Yelp Simplicity: A Prerequisite for Reliability The Two Sides to Google Infrastructure for Everyone Else How Embracing Continuous Release Reduced Change Complexity Making "Push On Green" a Reality BeyondCorp: A New Approach to Enterprise Security Brainstorming Failure by Jeff Smith The Ripple Effect Of Outages And Downtime Cannot Be Underestimated The infrastructure behind Twitter: efficiency and optimization Dickerson's Hierarchy of Reliability The Morning Paper on Operability Production is all that matters Using load shedding to survive a success disaster - CRE life lessons How to avoid a self-inflicted DDoS Attack - CRE life lessons Don't gamble when it comes to reliability Resilience Engineering: Learning to Embrace Failure The Infrastructure Behind Twitter: Scale Scaling Reliability at Twitter: So You Want to Add a 9 Principles Of Chaos Engineering Chaos Engineering Available...or not? That is the question - CRE life lessons How Google Backs Up The Internet Along With Exabytes Of Other Data Performance, Scalability, And High Availability: 3 Key Infrastructure Adaptability Requirements The Production Environment at Google - Part 1 & Part 2 Reliable releases and rollbacks - CRE life lessons How release canaries can save your bacon - CRE life lessons Things I Learned Managing Site Reliability for Some of the Worlds Busiest Gambling Sites Every Day Is Monday in Operations Under the Hood: Ensuring Site Reliability Designing reliable systems with cloud infrastructure (Google Cloud Next '17) A Google SRE explores GitHub reliability with BigQuery Know thy enemy: how to prioritize and communicate risks - CRE life lessons Chaos Engineering resources CRE life lessons: What is a dark launch, and what does it do for me? Why you should pick strong consistency, whenever possible The Network is Reliable Are You Load Balancing Wrong? How production engineers support global events on Facebook Google: A Collection Of Best Practices For Production Services Canary Analysis Service Tips for High Availability Progressive Service Architecture At Auth0 Google Cloud Production Guideline production readiness Trust By Design: The Fusion of Operational Maturity and Risk Modeling Top Seven Myths of Robust Systems Taming chaos: Preparing for your next incident PID Loops and the Art of Keeping Systems Stable Are you ready for production? - Slides Production Checklist for Web Apps on Kubernetes Finding a problem at the bottom of the Google stack Rethinking Task Size in SRE How maintenance windows affect your error budget The Production Readiness Spectrum Generic mitigations How were building a production readiness review process at Grafana Labs Resiliency Planning for High-Traffic Events Using Fault Injection Testing to Improve DoorDash Reliability Monitoring & Observability & Alerting A Working Theory-of-Monitoring The Evolution of Monitoring Systems at Google - Tony Rippy Monitoring without Infrastructure @ Airbnb Monitoring distributed systems Observability at Uber Engineering: Past, Present, Future The 4 Golden Signals of API Health and Performance in Cloud-Native Applications My Philosophy on Alerting by Rob Ewaschuk Time To Detect - Netflix Why Percentiles Dont Work the Way you Think Building Twitters Next-Gen Alerting System Instrumentation: Worst case performance matters Instrumentation: What does 'uptime' mean? Incidents + Outages at CircleCI: Our Playbook and What Weve Learned An introduction to monitoring and alerting with timeseries at scale, with Prometheus Detecting outliers and anomalies in realtime at Datadog How to Monitor the SRE Golden Signals Monitoring in a DevOps World Monitoring Your Monitorings Monitoring Observability: the new wave or buzzword? Monitoring Isn't Observability Monitoring in the time of Cloud Native Principles of Monitoring Microservices The Many Ways Your Monitoring Is Lying to You GitOps Part 3 - Observability Want to Debug Latency? Debugging Latency in Go 1.11 Alerting on SLOs like Pros Applied Alerting Philosophy Observations on Observability Deploys: It's Not Actually About Fridays Site Reliability Engineering Best Practices for Data Pipelines Elastic Observability in SRE and Incident Response Error Budget Policy - Part 1 - Adoption at Expedia Group Error Budget Policy - Part 2 - Practices at Expedia Group On-Call Being an On-Call Engineer: A Google SRE Perspective Inside Atlassian: how our site reliability engineers do incident management Inside Atlassian: how IT & SRE use ChatOps to run incident management Incident Response at Heroku Who's On Call? SysAdvent - Day 6 - No More On-Call Martyrs On Being On Call The On-Call Handbook Incident management at Google  adventures in SRE-land Run Book / Operations Manual template Automating Your Oncall: Open Sourcing Fossor and Ascii Etch Project STAR*: Streamlining Our On-Call Process SRE@Xero: Managing Incidents Part I SRE@Xero: Managing Incidents Part II How To Establish a High Severity Incident Management Program How Your Systems Keep Running Day After Day - John Allspaw On-call doesnt have to suck Why, as a Netflix infrastructure manager, am I on call? Oncall and Sustainable Software Development On Call Rotations: How Best to Wake Devs Up in the Middle of the Night Understanding The Role Of The Incident Manager On-Call (IMOC) 3 Ways to Minimize the Impact of High Severity Incidents Advice to Management Teams While Enrolling Changes to On-Call Systems Moving Past Shallow Incident Data Sustainable On-Call dotScale 2017 - Aish Raj Dahal - Chaos management during a major incident Incident Management at Netflix Velocity Incidents, fixes, and the day after 10 Steps to Develop an Incident Response Plan Youll ACTUALLY Use Checklists: a stupidly simple but valuable operational gift How to write a status page update Atlassian Incident Handbook PagerDuty Incident Response Handbook Avoiding Burnout for SREs Better On-Call the SRE way Managing Incidents at Monzo Making On-Call Not Suck How we (Monzo) respond to incidents How weve evolved on-call at Monzo Code Yellow: When Operations Isnt Perfect MTTR is dead, long live CIRT Extended Dreyfus Model for Incident Lifecycles Inhumanity of Root Cause Analysis Incident insights from NASA, NTSB, and the CDC How to avoid On-Call Burnout the SRE Way My week shadowing a GitLab Site Reliability Engineer How our production team runs the weekly on-call handover Writing Runbook Documentation When Youre An SRE Incident response, programs and you(r startup) An Incident Command Training Handbook Shrinking the time to mitigate production incidents Incident writeup as sociological storytelling Elephant in the Blameless War Room: Accountability Naming names in incident writeups Building On-Call Culture at GitHub Post-Mortem A collection of post-mortems Collection of Kubernetes Failure Stories Blameless PostMortems and a Just Culture A Tale of Postmortems Building a Blameless Post-Mortem Culture with Jason Hand The infinite hows Failure is Always An Option: How a Blameless Culture Leads to Better Results SysAdvent - Day 1 - Why You Need a Postmortem Process Etsys Debriefing Facilitation Guide for Blameless Postmortems Writing Your First Postmortem How to Write Great Outage Post-Mortems A collection of postmortem templates Embracing Feedback Postmortem Action Items: Plan the Work and Work the Plan Social Issues In Postmortems Google Has an Official Process in Place for Learning From Failure--and It's Absolutely Brilliant Postmortem culture: how you can learn from failure re:Work - Postmortem discussion template Post-mortems to the rescue Postmortem Action Items: Plan the Work and Work the Plan Why Every Company Can Benefit from a Blameless Culture "It's dead, Jim": How we write an incident postmortem Our incident postmortem template Learn out of mistakes. Postmortems to the rescue. Improving Postmortem Practices with Veteran Google SRE, Steve McGhee Inhumanity of Root Cause Analysis Capacity Planning Capacity Planning SouthBay SRE: Cloud Capacity Planning Intent-based Capacity Planning and Autoscaling with Kubernetes How do you do Capacity Planning How Back Market SREs prepared for Black Friday Service Level Agreement If It's in the Cloud, Get It on Paper: Cloud Computing Contract Issues Service Level Agreements in the Cloud: Who cares? SysAdvent- Day 20 - How to set and monitor SLAs SLOs, SLIs, SLAs, oh my - CRE life lessons Service Levels and Error Budgets (Un)Reliability Budgets - Finding Balance between Innovation and Reliability The Calculus of Service Availability Availability Calculator: Calculate how much downtime should be permitted in your SLA Standardize cloud SLA availability with numerical performance data Best practices to develop SLAs for cloud computing A Practical Guide to SLAs Building good SLOs - CRE life lessons No Grumpy Humans and Other Site Reliability Engineering Lessons from Google Consequences of SLO violations  CRE life lessons Service Level Objectives in Practice SRE Consensus Building An example escalation policy  CRE life lessons Error Budget Calculator Understanding error budget overspend - part one - CRE life lessons Good housekeeping for error budgets - part two - CRE life lessons SRE fundamentals: SLIs, SLAs and SLOs SLOs & You: A Guide To Service Level Objectives Earning Our Wings: Stories and Findings From Operating a Large-scale Concourse Deployment Nines are Not Enough: Meaningful Metrics for Clouds How many nines is my storage system? Don't follow the sun. The Tyranny of the SLA Backblaze Durability is 99.999999999%  And Why It Doesnt Matter DevOpsDays Chicago 2019 - The Art of SLOs The Art of SLOs Workshop Materials How to Include Latency in SLO-Based Alerting Succeeding With Service Level Objectives Putting customers first with SLIs and SLOs SRE Leadership: Have Tiered SLAs How SLOs Enable Fast, Reliable Application Delivery The Tail at Scale The Tail at Scale Revisited Defining SLOs for services with dependencies Service Level Disagreements How We Use Sloth to do SLO Monitoring and Alerting with Prometheus SLI Deep Dive Measuring Reliability in GCP: Step By Step SLO creation guide using Cloud Operation Sandbox SLO tracker SLO Alerting for Mortals SRE methods and climate change What made SLOs so messy (and what we can do about it) SLICK: Adopting SLOs for improved reliability Calculating composite SLA Best practices for setting SLOs and SLIs for modern, complex systems Performance Performance Checklists for SREs South Bay SRE Meetup - Netflix Cloud Performance Team Software Performance Analysis Guided By SLOs A framework for pragmatic performance engineering Programming Go Language for Ops and Site Reliability Engineering Go for SREs using Python Operability in Go Go Reliability and Durability at Dropbox Misc Articles What is SRE (Site Reliability Engineering)? Heres How Google Makes Sure It (Almost) Never Goes Down Are site reliability engineers the next data scientists? Site Reliability Engineers: "solving the most interesting problems" Site Reliability Engineers: the "worlds most intense pit crew" Site reliability engineering kicks rote tasks out of IT ops Notes on Site Reliability Engineering Adventures in SRE-land: Welcome to Google Mission Control Book Review: Site Reliability Engineering - How Google Runs Production Systems Site Reliability Engineers: We solve cooler problems SREcon17: Brave new world of site reliability engineering Open AWS guide Commentary on Site Reliability Engineering Site Reliability Engineering: 4 Things to Know Looking for SRE Success? Then Find the Intrapreneurs! What Team Structure is Right for DevOps to Flourish? Injured on Vacation? Applying Principles from Site Reliability Engineering to a Travel Emergency Building blameless working environment SRE Adoption Report SREs: The Happiest  and Highest Paid  in the Industry The Role of Site Reliability Engineering, Today and Tomorrow SRE as a Lifestyle Choice SRECon EMEA 2019 Recap Life of an SRE at Google - JC van Winkel Site Reliability Engineering for Native Mobile Apps - Abhijith Krishnappa - Case study: Halodoc adaptation of SRE principles for Native Mobile Apps SRE Best Practices by InfraCloud Real-time Messaging #sre channel at Hangops Slack - Discussion of Site Reliability Engineering generally. #incident_response channel at Hangops Slack - Discussion about Incident Response. USENIX SREcon Slack Blogs Brendan Gregg's Blog - Highly Technical Blog Posts About Systems Internals, Performance and SRE. Everything Sysadmin - Blog Posts About SysAdmin/DevOps/SRE by Tom Limoncelli. High Scalability - Technical Blog Posts About Systems Architecture. rachelbythebay - Techincal Blog Posts. Susan J. Fowler - Various blog posts about SRE, Software Engineering and Microservices. SysAdvent - One article for each day of December, ending on the 25th article. Stephen Thorne's Blog - Blog Posts About SRE Increment - A digital magazine about how teams build and operate software systems at scale. GopherSRE - Blog Posts about Go and SRE. Cindy Sridharan - Blog posts about distributed systems and their management. Blameless Blog - Blog posts about SRE culture and practices. Resilience Roundup - Weekly analysis of Resilience Engineering and Human Factors research designed for software systems Squadcast Blog - Blog posts about SRE best practices, reliability, on-call and incident management. FireHydrant Blog - Posts about complex systems, incident response, and SRE best practices. Rootly Blog - Incident management best practices and guides. incident.io Blog - Guides, advice and resources on incident management and response. Logit.io Blog - Resources on log management, SRE and devOps. Newsletters DevOpsLinks - A weekly newsletter about SRE, SysAdmin and DevOps news, tools, tutorials and opinions. KubeWeekly - The weekly newsletters for all things Kubernetes. KubeWeekly is curated by Bob Killen, Chris Short, Craig Box, Kim McMahon and Michael Hausenblas SRE Weekly - Weekly Site Reliability Newsletter. OReilly Systems Engineering and Operations Newsletter - Weekly systems engineering and operations news and insights from industry insiders. ChaosEngineering.news - Chaos Engineering newsletter. All things Chaos Engineering, directly to your inbox! Monitoring Weekly - What's new in monitoring? Curated monitoring articles to your inbox each week. Observability news - Updates around observability (o11y) with a special focus on open source. Conferences & Meetups SRECon Conferences - The Official SRE Conference. LISA Conferences - Prominent Conference About SysAdmin/DevOps/SRE. SRE Tech Talks - SRE Talks Hosted by Google. South Bay Site Reliability Engineering (Sunnyvale, CA) Meetup - A Group For Individuals Who Tackle Reliability Challenges For Web-Scale Systems. San Francisco Reliability Engineering - A Group Of People Who Are Passionate About Reliable, Performant Software Systems. Site Reliability Engineering Munich, Germany - SRE Meetup in the greater area of Oktoberfest city. ADDO - All Day DevOps - A 24 hour conference that is completely online and free. Site Reliability Engineering Paris, France - SRE Meetup in the city of light. Site Reliability Engineering India - SRE Meetup India Twitter Google SRE Twitter Account - Google's SRE Twitter Account. SREBook - The Official Twitter Account of Site Reliability Engineering Book. SREcon - SRECon's Official Twitter Account. SREWorkbook - The Official Twitter Account of Site Reliability Workbook. The SRE Dev - SRE-related Posts from dev.to. Twitter SRE - The Official Twitter Account of Twitter's SRE team. Twitter SRE Weekly - The Official Twitter Account of SRE Weekly Newsletter. USENIX Association - The Official USENIX Twitter Account. SRE Tools Awesome SRE Tools - A curated list of Site Reliability and Production Engineering tools List of Continuous Integration services SRE cheat sheet - A cheat sheet for Site Reliability Engineering principles and numbers Podcasts Blameless / Resilience in Action Google SRE Prodcast o11y Observability Podcast On Call Nightmares (retired) Making of the SRE Omelette About A curated list of Site Reliability and Production Engineering resources. sre.xyz Topics devops availability list awesome monitoring reliability-engineering incident-response site-reliability-engineering production post-mortem capacity-planning service-level-agreement scalability reliability alerting on-call awesome-list sre postmortem site-reliability Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 12.3k stars Watchers 504 watching Forks 1.6k forks Report repository Contributors 76 + 62 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.