GitHub - RayBB/awesome-social-enterprise: Resources to dive into the world of social enterprises  Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert RayBB / awesome-social-enterprise Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 20 Star 106 Resources to dive into the world of social enterprises  License CC-BY-SA-4.0 license 106 stars 20 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights RayBB/awesome-social-enterprise mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History85 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md _config.yml_config.yml social_enterprise_examples.mdsocial_enterprise_examples.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC-BY-SA-4.0 licenseAwesome Social Enterprise Resources to dive into the world of social enterprises  A social enterprise is an organization that is primarily focused on social impact and is at least partially self-funded. Rant on why I made this When I was at Eckerd College I repeatedly bumped into the concept of social enterprises. First, in a course called Technology, Society, and The Environment, then through meeting the CTO of a social enterprise, and finally by taking a course called Social Entrepreneurship. Each step along the way I fell more in love with the concept of social enterprises. However, I never felt like there was an easy way to connect to the world of social enterprises. Eventually, I set a Google Alert for weekly digests of anything related to "social entrepreneurs." That worked okay but I still felt like I was missing out on something. Fast-forward a few years and I find myself heavily involved in a nonprofit called hackNY, working at The New York Times, and having a stronger urge than ever to learn about social enterprises. As such, I've started compiling this list of resources to make it easy for people to connect with the world of social enterprises. See the FAQs at the bottom for some common questions. Contents What to Read Podcasts  Courses  Fellowships Institutions  Tools  What to Watch Communities  People  Social Enterprise Examples Miscellaneous FAQs  What to Read Wikipedia Links  Wikipedia is a great place to explore and find related topics. Social enterprise Social entrepreneurship List of social entrepreneurs Category:Social enterprises Category:Social entrepreneurs Category:Social entrepreneurship News  Finding Articles Pioneers Post - The Social Enterprise Magazine. Impact Boom - Social impact blog and podcast. Harvard Business Review - Articles tagged "social enterprise" are infrequent but high quality. Stanford Social Innovation Review - Great publication with many articles tagged social enterprise. The Schwab Foundation for Social Entrepreneurship - Content about the foundation's activities and opportunities. Medium - Content from all around about social enterprise and social entrepreneurship. Galileo Impact Stories | YouTube | Kickstarter | Website A small but growing organization dedicated to covering impact investing. Content is often Russia oriented and not always directly about social enterprises but much of the content is relative. Here is a video summarizing their work in 2019. Journal of Social Entrepreneurship - The academic journal for the topic. The Straits Times - Singapore based newspaper with articles about social enterprise. Articles State of Social Entrepreneurship 2020 - Overview of SE in 2020 by Echoing Green. Echoing Green 2020 Fellows 90+ Inspiring Books For Impact-Driven Doers and Entrepreneurs Papers  (1998) The Meaning of "Social Entrepreneurship" by J. Gregory Dees A short history of social entrepreneurship (and why the definition isn't agreed upon). (2004) The Legitimacy of Social Enterprise Raymond Dart A pragmatic discussion on why social enterprises, in relation to nonprofits, exist. (2008) Evolution of the social enterprise industry by the Institute for Social Entrepreneurs Less academic but a detailed history of events related to social enterprises. (2010) Conceptions of Social Enterprise and Social Entrepreneurship by Jacques Defourny Parallels between US and European Social Enterprises. (2014) Social Enterprise  A New Phenomenon in the Field of Economic and Social Welfare? by Leandro Sepulveda A history of social enterprises from a UK perspective. Books  Title Author Year Notes Social Entrepreneurship: What Everyone Needs To Know David Bornstein 2010 Great introduction to social entrepreneurship. Short and sweet with lots of great answers to common questions. Ladderworks books various 2022 Diverse picture books for empowering over a million kids to become social entrepreneurs. Becoming a Social Entrepreneur: Starting Out, Scaling Up and Staying True Michael Gordon 2019 Paying It Forward: How to Be A Social Entrepreneur Josh Littlejohn MBE 2023 Podcasts  The Tech Matters Podcast - Talking about social enterprise structure and interviewing folks running them. Hosted by social entreprenur and engineer Jim Fruchterman. Courses  Future Learn Social Enterprise Program By Middlesex University Business School & Jindal Centre for Social Innovation + Entrepreneurship program. Free, three courses, nine weeks total. According to this paper, the courses were quite impactful and helped start many social enterprises. Philanthropy University | Interview with CEO | Origins Several free courses such as: Introduction to Fundraising, Fundraising Strategies, and Setting Up a Nonprofit Board. edX Business and Impact Planning for Social Enterprises - By MIT. Disciplined Approach to Social Entrepreneurship - By Curtin University. Coursera Social Entrepreneurship - By Wharton Business School. One course, approximately nine hours of work. Social Entrepreneurship Specialization - By Copenhagen Business School. Three courses to complete over four months. Becoming a Social Entrepreneur: Getting Started - By University Of Michigan. Acumen Academy Offers free and paid courses to help individuals create social change. Fellowships Year Here - One year social enterprise fellowship to build an organization based in London. Acumen Academy Fellowship - One year fellowship with the goal of equipping individuals with the tools to tackle issues in their communities. Echoing Green Fellowship - 18 month fellowship including possible funding. Miller Center Accelerator - Six month program, 4-6 hours a week. Geard towards senior leaders. MIT Solve's Global Challenges Program - Nine month program with funding available. Geared toward specific themes. Fast Forward Accelerator - Startup accelerator for nonprofit tech companies. 100x Impact Accelerator - 12 week program with 150k for social enterprises. Fashion for Good Accelerator - Nine month program to solve fashion sustainability problems. Social Enterprise Academy Accelerator - 20 week program to foster social enterprises. Up to 30k in funding available. Radical Partners - Miami-based social impact accelerator. Seaworthy Collective - Miami-based BlueTech entrepreneur support organization. Institutions  Academic institutions researching social enterprise: Middlesex University Business School Jindal Centre for Social Innovation + Entrepreneurship program Wharton Social Entrepreneurship Copenhagen Business School Social Entrepreneurship USC Marshall Masters in Social Entrepreneurship The Elisabeth Bruyre School of Social Innovation - Canada's first school of social innovation. Pepperdine's MA in Social Entrepreneurship and Change Centre for Social Impact Swinburne VUB Chair Social Entrepreneurship Tools  GuideStar - Reporting on U.S. nonprofit companies. ProPublica Nonprofit Explorer - Easily access any U.S. nonprofit's tax documents. Social Bearing - Useful to determine how popular/active any Twitter account is. What to Watch Videos  Social Entrepreneurs: Pioneering Social Change - Skoll Foundation video about social entrepreneurs. Muhammad Yunus's Nobel Prize Speech - Yunus built Grameen Bank, the poster child for social enterprises. Social Enterprise 101 - Quick and easy overview oof social enterprise. How social entrepreneurship will change the world - Inspiring TEDx talk by Erica Wenger about social enterprises. Movies  Title Year Notes The Social Shift 2018 Four young adults travel across Canada interviewing social entrepreneurs. The New Breed 2020 Follows three change-makers as they build social enterprises. Communities  Online Facebook Social Entrepreneurs - 2k members many posts each day. Quora Social Entrepreneurship - 375k followers, great for asking questions. United States Association for Small Business and Entrepreneurship (USASBE). Social Entrepreneurship - Focused on social entrepreneurship education. Conferences Skoll World Forum - Large annual conference for Skull Foundation. Harvard Social Enterprise Conference - Student run annual social enterprise conference. Indiana University Social Entrepreneurship Conference - Two day conference focused on social entrepreneurship research. Social Enterprise Summit - Annual social enterprise conference based in Hong Kong. Finding Local Communities SEA Chapters - Groups all over US focused on social enterprises. Meetup - Popular group meeting site. Eventbrite - Easy site for discovering events near you. Networks senco (social enterprise network of central ontario) - Canada group promoting social enterprises. Social Enterprise Alliance - US social enterprise advocates. enactus - Worldwide organization fostering student social entrepreneurs. Buy Good. Feel Good. - North American expo dedicated to brands that are changing the world. SocialVentures - Ohio nonprofit to advocate for, develop, and fund businesses that solve social problems. Foundations Skoll Foundation - Large foundation investing in social entrepreneurs. Schwab Foundation for Social Entrepreneurship - Advocates for social entrepreneurss on a global level. The Audacious Project - A TED project funding social entrepreneurs and nonprofits. CA RISE - A $25M California initiative providing capital ($100k-$500k grants) and technical assistance to employment social enterprises. Consultants CSED - Canada based nonprofit helping develop, launch, and grow social enterprises. Common Good Solutions - Canada based B-corp helping governments, community organizations and entrepreneurs. People  Authors Susan Davis - Co-authored books on on social enterprise and highly active in community. David Bornstein - Wrote several popular books on social entrepreneurship. Social Entrepreneurs Muhammad Yunus - Nobel Prize winner, founder of Grameen Bank, considered father of social enterprise. Twitter Accounts  See a feed of all these accounts by following my "Social Enterprise News" Twitter list here. Ken Banks - Founder of Kiwanja. Tech Jobs for Good - Posts about tech jobs with social impact. Centre for Social Innovation Toronto - A coworking space, community, and launchpad for people who are changing the world. Ashoka Echoing Green Social Good News HBS SocialEnterprise Social Enterprise Alliance senco Pioneers Post Year Here The Audacious Project enactus Impact Boom Acumen Social Enterprise Examples Miscellaneous WorldShapers - An abundance of resources related to social entrepreneurship education. Benefit Corporation - A type of for-profit corporate entity, authorized by 35 U.S. states. B Corp Certification - Certificate issued for existing for profit organizations demonstrating social responsibility. FAQs  Q: What is the goal of this repo? A: To provide resources for people to dive into the world of social enterprises. To get people excited about social enterprises. To spread the word of social enterprises. Q: What do you like about social enterprises? A: I love the idea of bringing the goodness of nonprofits and the efficiency of business together. Not all nonprofits are inefficient and not all businesses are bad. However, the potential of unleashing the notoriously efficient business practices to maximize social impact is what I want to encourage people to explore. Q: Why social enterprise instead of social entrepreneurship? A: I want to focus on the organizational structure rather than the individuals within an organization. Social entrepreneurship can mean anything from a large organization championing for social causes to a lone person doing community development. While both of those are important and valuable this is a resource geared towards people interested in the organizational side of things. Q: How is a social enterprise different from a nonprofit? A: A social enterprise may be a nonprofit. While nonprofits are usually focused on social impact they may not be generating any revenue to fund themselves. Q: Why not just add this information to Wikipedia? A: Wikipedia is meant to contain information that's encyclopedic in nature. Meaning, it should contain the most important and verified information in a well summarized form. This document is much more like a phone book trying to link out to relative resources that are useful. Contributing Todo Read these books and articles before adding them: An Army of Problem Solvers by Shaun Loney Introduction to Social Entrepreneurship by Teresa Chahine Educating at Scale for Sustainable Development and Social Enterprise Growth by Sara Calvo <script async data-id="1fc566b4-8dda-4926-ad18-22bb88e42ecc" src="https://tinyads.io/e"></script> About Resources to dive into the world of social enterprises  Topics awesome awesome-list social-entrepreneurship social-enterprise Resources Readme License CC-BY-SA-4.0 license Activity Stars 106 stars Watchers 4 watching Forks 20 forks Report repository Contributors 2 RayBB Raymond Berger didil Adil H Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.