GitHub - lyqht/awesome-supabase: Official awesome-list of Supabase Starters & Resources  Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert lyqht / awesome-supabase Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 20 Star 346 Official awesome-list of Supabase Starters & Resources  License CC0-1.0 license 346 stars 20 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 1 Discussions Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Discussions Actions Projects Security Insights lyqht/awesome-supabase mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History36 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows CODE_OF_CONDUCT.mdCODE_OF_CONDUCT.md CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Supabase Supabase is an awesome open source alternative to Firebase, where it provides you with a Postgres database, Authentication, instant APIs, Edge Functions, Realtime subscriptions, and Storage. This list tries to cover what is awesome about the product and its community!  To enhance this list, please refer to CONTRIBUTING.md. Contents Official Starters Community Starters Data Migration Tools Supabase DX Tools Community Tools Online Courses Videos, Podcasts, Livestreams, Talks Integration Guides Other interesting articles Official Starters The following starters supports the @supabase/supabase-js v2 library. Angular - Expo - Flutter - Next.js (TS) - Nuxt - Nuxt3 - React - Solid - Svelte - Svelte Kit - Vue 3 - Next.js, Slack Clone - Svelte, Todo list - React Native, Stripe Payments - Flutter, Stripe Payments - Community Starters Vuepabase - Vue3 Supabase starter, with Pinia, Vue-router 4, TailwindCSS, Vitest, Cypress and more. Supastarter - Supabase starter with Next.js, authentication, mail templates, landing page, dashboard and blog. RedwoodJS Supabase Quickstart - Supabase Quickstart example app with RedwoodJS. Basejump - Open source Next.js starter with teams, personal accounts, invitations, Tailwind, i18n. Fully tested schema. Supanext - Supabase starter with Next.js, including AI app examples, auth, billing, settings, landing page, blog, and more. SupaSasS Lite - Open source Next.js SasS template (with 2FA, and example app) Data Migration Tools Supabase Schema - Generate SQL scripts and database diagram with this handy tool. No sensitive information is required, only need the project url + anonymous key. Heroku to Supabase Importer - Given Heroku is ending free-tier support soon, if you have any Postgres DB that you want to continue supporting on your projects, migrating to Supabase will be a good choice. With this tool, it will be a breeze to migrate over. Here's a guide with a video for this migration process. Supabase DB to Google Sheets - Tool to pull Supabase data into Google Sheets. Retool REST API data generator - Tool to generate structured data to be inserted into your PostgresDB. Supabase DX Tools Supabase CLI - The Supabase CLI provides tools to develop your project locally and deploy to the Supabase Platform. Supabase SQL - Find common use case SQL scripts easily for copy pasting. Community Tools MadeWithSupabase - App to explore projects made with Supabase. Users can find by specific Supabase functionality used or via user-given tags, and also find projects submitted in specific calendar months. Octokit-lite - App to perform common use case GitHub operations on multiple repositories efficiently. Uses Supabase Auth and DB. Generate Supabase Database Types GitHub Action - GitHub action to generate types based on your Supabase database. Supabase Cache Helpers - Collection of framework specific Cache utilities for working with Supabase. Postgres WASM by Snaplet and Supabase - Tool to run Postgres in the browser. Bemi for Supabase JS - Open-source platform for automatic data change tracking. Supabase automated self host - Self-host Supabase with Caddy and Authelia. Just run ONE script. Edge Worker - Open-source serverless task queue worker that runs on Supabase Edge Functions (Background Tasks) and Supabase Queues. It simplifies consuming the queues and adds useful features like concurrency control, retries, and observability. Online Courses Build a Full-Stack App with Next.js, Supabase & Prisma - Learn to build a full-stack application from scratch using some of the best modern web technologies: React / Next.js, Prisma, and Supabase. Free course by Grgory D'Angelo. Cache Supabase data at the Edge with Cloudflare Workers and KV Storage - Teaches devs how to query, perform cache crud operations on Supabase with KV Storage using Cloudflare workers through a free course. Featured at Cloudflare x Supabase Developer Meetup. Free course by Jon Meyers. Vue JS Essentials: A Beginners Series on Pinia, Vitest, and Supabase - A great series of in-depth tutorials, includes frontend tests and mocks to emulate a production grade project. Videos, Podcasts, Livestreams, Talks Is Supabase Legit? Firebase Alternative Breakdown - Video by Fireship.io on Supabase. Supabase Happy Hours - A signature ongoing series of livestreams hosted by the Supabase core team, where they try to create side projects using Supabase APIs and engage with the community. Hosted by core members Thor Schaeff, Jon Meyers, Alaister Young and Tyler Shukert. Supabase Developer Stories - An ongoing series where SaaS founders/co-founders that use Supabase to showcase their products. CityJS 2022 Talk on Building Billy with Supabase - A talk on how a React Native expense tracker side project is built with Supabase, by a SupaSquad member Estee Tey. Build An Image Gallery With Supabase Storage and React - A tutorial on using Supabase to upload & serve images. PMF is one pivot away with Ant Wilson from Supabase - Talks about Supabase's experiences of the phases before and after Product Market Fit (PMF). Integration Guides Firebase to Supabase - A collection of guides of migrating from different components of Firebase such as Auth, Firestore, Storage, Functions to Supabase. How to Manage Your Supabase Database with Directus - Directus Studio provides a means to browse, manage, and visualize database content through a no-code app and this guide shows how to setup Supabase with Directus. Supabase admin panel tutorial with Retool - Retool helps teams to build internal tools quickly. Learn how to setup an admin panel using Retool and Supabase. Set up a monorepo with Supabase and Turborepo - Talks about how a codebase is migrated to a turborepo-powered pnpm monorepo that ships 3 NextJS apps, a Preact widget, a React Native app and two Fastify servers out of a single repository, all speaking to the same Supabase instance. How to Implement RBAC (Role-Based Access Control) in Supabase - Learn how to implement Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) authorization into a Supabase application with Permit.io. Other interesting articles How to market to developers on Twitter: Learnings from 4 months of Supabase feed - Analyzes growth marketing strategy of Supabase, especially on Twitter. How Fleeting Notes Migrated 1000+ Users from Firebase to Supabase (Stripe, Firebase, Supabase) - Walks through the process of how Fleeting Notes (a note-taking application) migrated from Firebase to Supabase in terms of Stripe integration and its databases. Ultimate guide to testing on Supabase using pgTAP - How to test RLS policies and requests to Supabase. Migrating from Firebase to Supabase: Lessons Learned - A detailed walkthrough of the migration workflow in terms of the various aspects of the BaaS, and their differences in terms of realtime subscriptions and data types. Supabase vs Firebase: Choosing the Right Backend for Your Project - A detailed comparison between Supabase and Firebase. Discover the key differences between the two platforms and the advantages of choosing Supabase over Firebase. About Official awesome-list of Supabase Starters & Resources  Topics awesome awesome-list supabase Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 346 stars Watchers 6 watching Forks 20 forks Report repository Contributors 11 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.