GitHub - sdassow/awesome-veganism: curated list of awesome resources, pointers, and tips related to veganism Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert sdassow / awesome-veganism Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 10 Star 73 curated list of awesome resources, pointers, and tips related to veganism awesome-veganism.com License CC0-1.0 license 73 stars 10 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 3 Pull requests 0 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights sdassow/awesome-veganism mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History109 CommitsCODE_OF_CONDUCT.mdCODE_OF_CONDUCT.md CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSE.mdLICENSE.md README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Veganism A curated list of awesome resources, pointers, and tips to make veganism easy and accessible to everyone. Veganism is a plant-based lifestyle, avoiding animal products as much as possible. This list is an attempt to create a community driven approach to guarantee no-nonsense content, 100% aligned with the vegan lifestyle, in order to minimise the effort needed for an awesome experience. Contents Books Shoes Bakeries Restaurants Shops Brands Websites Books Happily Ever Esther - Wonderful true life tale, with a lot of love and compassion, and it's hilarious. That's Not My Momma's Milk! - Really simple book, really easy to grasp and makes anyone of any age think, by exploring the animal kingdom and where baby animals get their milk from. Shoes Adidas - Various models of vegan shoes. Etnies - Light and very comfortable shoes. Vegano Shoes - Boots, shoes and sneakers reference in Brazil. Bakeries This category is strictly limited to fully vegan / 100% plant-based bakeries. Amsterdam, Netherlands Vegan Sugar Mama's - Delicious vegan treats in various colors, and even cookies with a personalised picture. Berlin, Germany Brammibal's Donuts - The most tasty high quality vegan donuts in Berlin. Midvale, UT, USA Sweet Hazel & Co - Tasty candy bars, food and more. LGBTQ+ friendly! Monster, Netherlands My Cakes - Amazing selection of cakes, macarons, dutch specialties, and more. Portland, OR, USA Shoofly bakery - Vegan items delivered. Salt Lake City, UT, USA Yumz Vegan Bakery & Cafe - Mexican vegan bakery with excellent food options. Zaandijk, Netherlands Vegan bakery - Dutch vegan bakery with a big selection of vegan cakes, muffins, and other awesomeness. Restaurants This category is strictly limited to fully vegan / 100% plant-based restaurants. Amsterdam, Netherlands Koffie Ende Koeck - Small vegan cafe, with nice brunch, and awesome vegan high tea. Loving Hut - Cozy and family friendly with Asian kitchen and some dutch classics. Mooshka - Stylish place with nice atmosphere, and a great variety of tasty dishes and drinks. TerraZen Centre - Chill vibe and mouth-watering dishes with Caribbean and Japanese influence, really close to central station. Trevi's Plant Based Italian Food - Cozy Italian, lovely vibe, amazing and authentic food, feels and tastes like in Italy. Vegan Junk Food Bar - High quality burgers, fancy hotdogs, Dutch specialties like Bitterballen, cocktails, and more. Yemay's Vegan Corner - Super tasty food driven by sustainable local community efforts. Ashland, OR, USA NW Raw - Juices and snacks, vegan ice cream. Berkeley, CA, USA The Butcher's Son - Comfort food spilling off of your plate. Grab a main, a couple of sides and a plenty of napkins. Bonn, Germany Kaiserhttn - Eat like in Austria. Duisburg, Germany Falafel 1001 - Amazing arabic dishes, delicious ingredients and spices, big portions, and very good prices. Krmelkche - Cosy place with a nice selection of main dishes, burgers, cakes, and good drinks. Eindhoven, Netherlands Bar Bistro Calypso - Cosiest livingroom in town, with tasty no-nonsense dishes and good drinks. Bij Albrecht - Vegan and organic food experience with seasonal produce. Jungle Caf & Catering - Vegan coffeebar & lunchroom for young and old. Also offers catering & take away. Vegan Heroes - Great vegan fast food, smoothie bowls, snacks, and desserts. Essen, Germany Peace Food - Relaxed atmosphere, big selection of really good vietnamese dishes, and offering refreshing home-made drinks. Hilversum, Netherlands Mr. Vegan Foodbar - Amazing selection of delicious soups, bowls, curries, quality junk food, and tasty snacks. Kln, Germany Sattgrn - Buffet with great varieity and quality. London, UK Eat By Cloe - For the mandatory fish and chips this place is definitely worth visiting. New York, USA Berben & Wolff's - Easygoing counter-serve deli with a cheerful vibe specializing in vegan light fare & desserts. Locations in Albany and Troy, New York. Oakland, USA Millennium Restaurant - Far cry from your ordinary vegan spot in that it takes a hands on, from scratch approach to food which assures a fresh, local, organic and homemade product every time. Salt Lake City, UT, USA Mark of the Beastro - Excellent vegan food and dining. Utrecht, Netherlands Oproer - Local brewery with tasty beers and vegan street food. Shops VEGA-LIFE - Shoes, fashion, lifestlye products, 20+ years around. Vegan Mission - Online store for Belgium and the Netherlands. veggie4u - Dutch webshop with big selection of food. veganized - Spanish (Malaga) store with mens, womens and children clothes. Brands This category is stricly limited to fully vegan / 100% plant-based brands. AlPro - Big variety of plant-based products. Bedda - Whole selection of nice non-milk cheese slices and blocks, shreds to melt, as well as sauces, and cream cheese. Beyond Meat - Very convincing burgers, sausages, meatballs, and more, all based on plants. Dandies - Delicious, soft, melting, and all natural marshmallows with vanilla, pumpkin, or peppermint taste. Daiya - Amazing cheesecakes, frozen pizzas, various cheesy products, and more desserts. Eat Real - Snacking galore with chips, sticks, and puffs; offering tastes like sour cream & chives, paprika, chilli cheese, mediterranean, and others. Happy Cashew - Creamy, delicious cashew based milk product alternatives, with a big variety of brie style cheeses and more. Nurishh - Great selection of different cheeses with various tastes. Oatly - Amazing range of oat based products from Sweden. Peas of Heaven - Wide range of tasty products based on peas, from cocktail sausages, over bratwurst, to slices. Petit Veganne - Amazing French artisanal cheese, soft and creamy brie with different flavours. Provamel - Delicious organic and biological plant-based yogurts, milky drinks, and soy desserts. Tofuture - Awesome tofu press, super easy and reliable to use, and can be placed in the fridge. Tofurky - Delicious sausages, deli slices, burgers, roasts, and other plant-based protein products. Valsoia - Absolutely amazing Italian ice cream, ice cones, hazelnut spread, and other food products. Vantastic Foods - Massive selection of plant-based products, including their own brand with different types of delicious sausages, slices, and more. Vega - Big selection of plant-based protein powders, power bars, vitamins, and supplements for bodybuilders and fitness people. Vegafit - Broad and tasty selection of plant-based meat products. Vego - Super delicious chocolate bars with hazel nuts, as well as crunchy chocolate spread, and white almond chocolate. Vegusto - Unbelievable good swiss vegan cheese (No-Muh), plant-based meats, as well as vegan animal food. Violife - Really good plant-based cheese products that actually melt as well. Websites /r/Vegan - Largest vegan community on the internet. Gewoon Vegan - Really useful website showing a lot of regular vegan products that can be found in Dutch supermarkets. Nederlandse Vereniging voor Veganisme - Dutch association for veganism, running a magazine, giving yearly vegan awards, supporting the community, and various other projects. Vegan Wiki - Wiki from the Dutch association for veganism with a huge collection of products available in the Netherlands. Contributing Everyone is welcome to contribute to this list - read the contribution guidelines and the code of conduct to find out how. About curated list of awesome resources, pointers, and tips related to veganism awesome-veganism.com Topics community awesome awesome-list veganism vegan plant-based Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 73 stars Watchers 5 watching Forks 10 forks Report repository Contributors 11 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.