GitHub - springload/awesome-wagtail: A curated list of awesome packages, articles, and other cool resources from the Wagtail community. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert springload / awesome-wagtail Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 189 Star 2.1k A curated list of awesome packages, articles, and other cool resources from the Wagtail community. 2.1k stars 189 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights springload/awesome-wagtail masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History303 Commits.github.github .editorconfig.editorconfig .gitignore.gitignore README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductAwesome Wagtail A curated list of awesome packages, articles, and other cool resources from the Wagtail community. Wagtail is a Python CMS powered by Django, focusing on flexibility and user experience. You might also like Awesome Django and Awesome Python.  Contents General resources Apps Blogging/news Rich text editor extensions Widgets StreamField Static site generation Settings management E-commerce SEO and SMO Analytics Customer experience Security Media Translations Forms Testing Modeladmin Asynchronous (tasks) Content Management Misc Tools Templates & Starter Kits Resources Getting started Articles Recipes Presentations Podcasts Videos Books Showcases Lists For editors Community Open-source sites General resources Official site GitHub repository Twitter account Roadmap PyPI classifiers for Wagtail Other resources Apps Blogging/news Puput - Puput is a powerful and simple Django app to manage a blog. It uses the awesome Wagtail CMS as content management system. wagtail_blog - A WordPress-like blog app implemented in Wagtail. wagtailnews - A plugin for Wagtail that provides news / blogging functionality. wagtail-blog-app - A blog application for the Wagtail Django CMS. Django Wagtail Feeds - Add support for RSS Feeds, Facebook Instant Articles and Apple News Publisher to your Wagtail CMS Projects. Snotra_RSS - Snotra_RSS is an Atom and RSS news aggregator app for Wagtail. wagtail-live - Build live blogs with Wagtail. Rich text editor extensions wagtail-readability - Test how readable the content you enter into Wagtail is. wagtailembedder - Snippets embedder for Wagtail richtext fields. Wagtail TinyMCE - A TinyMCE editor integration for Wagtail. Wagtail Froala - Extends Wagtail to use the Froala WYSIWYG editor in RichTextField/RichTextBlock. Wagtail Medium Editor - A customizable Medium Editor for Wagtail, with link anchors support. WagtailDraftail  Draft.js editor for Wagtail, built upon Draftail and draftjs_exporter. wagtail-readinglevel  Wagtail plugin to determine the reading level of text input into a rich text field. Wagtail EditorJS - An EditorJS widget with great support for Wagtail's page, image and document choosers. Wagtail Terms - A plugin to add a glossary terms entity to the Draftail editor. Wagtail Text Alignment - Align text, headings and more in your Wagtail richtext editor. wagtailmdx - A MDXEditor integration for Wagtail as textfield widget. Widgets wagtailgmaps - Simple Google Maps address formatter for Wagtail fields. Wagtail-Geo-Widget - Google Maps widget for the GeoDjango PointField field in Wagtail. wagtail-leaflet-widget - A Leaflet JS - OSM based wagtail geo-location widget. wagtail-markdown - Markdown fields and blocks for Wagtail. wagtail-autocomplete - Autocompleting choosers for ForeignKey, ParentalKey, and ManyToMany fields. wagtail-instance-selector - A ForeignKey widget to create and select related items. Similar to Django's raw_id_fields. wagtail-generic-chooser - provides base classes for building chooser popups and form widgets for the Wagtail admin, matching the look and feel of Wagtail's built-in choosers for pages, documents, snippets and images. wagtail-multi-upload - allows uploading of multiple related images for a page. wagtail-color-panel - Introduces panels for selecting colors in Wagtail. Wagtail Ace Editor - An IDE-like code editor right in your Wagtail admin. StreamField Wagtail FontAwesome - Add FontAwesome icons to StreamField. Wagtail Commonblocks - Common StreamField blocks for Wagtail. Wagtail SVGmap - ImageMap functionality for Wagtail through inline SVGs. Wagtail ClearStream - An app to make Wagtail's StreamField more modular. UWKM Streamfields  A basic set of Wagtail StreamField blocks for fun and profit. wagtail-inventory - Search Wagtail pages by the StreamField blocks they contain. Wagtail Code Block - StreamField code blocks for the Wagtail CMS with real-time PrismJS Syntax Highlighting. Wagtail Blocks - A Collection of awesome Wagtail CMS stream-field blocks and Charts. Wagtail Cache Block - A templatetag which add HTML fragment cache to your StreamField block Wagtail UIKit Block - A collection of UIKit components that can be used as a Wagtail StreamField block. Static site generation Wagtail-bakery - A set of helpers for baking your Django Wagtail site out as flat files. Wagtail-Netlify - Easily publish your statically rendered Wagtail site to Netlify. wagtail-freezer - Generates static HTML sites from a Wagtail project. Settings management Wagtail-Constance - django-constance integration for Wagtail CMS. Wagtail-Flags - Feature flags for Wagtail sites. Wagtail-Waffle - Manage Django Waffle in Wagtail. E-commerce wagtailinvoices - A Wagtail module for creating invoices. longclaw - A shop template for Wagtail CMS. django-oscar-wagtail - Wagtail integration for Oscar Commerce (or Oscar Commerce integration for Wagtail?). django-salesman - Headless e-commerce framework for Django with Wagtail modeladmin integration. SEO and SMO wagtail-metadata - A tool to assist with metadata for social media and search engines. wagtail-metadata-mixin - OpenGraph, Twitter Card and Google+ snippet tags for Wagtail CMS pages. wagtail-schema.org - Schema.org JSON-LD tags for Wagtail sites. wagtail-opengraph-image-generator - Assists you in automatically creating Open Graph images for your Wagtail pages. wagtail-redirect-importer - Your friendly neighborhood importer that lets you import redirects from different tabular data formats, such as .csv and .xls wagtail-meta-preview - Adds ability to get share previews for Facebook, Twitter and Google in the Wagtail admin. Wagtail Yoast - A tool to improve readability of your texts with SEO recommendations. Wagtail SEO - Search engine and social media optimization for Wagtail. Analytics Wagtail Analytics - A Google Analytics dashboard in your Wagtail admin. Customer experience Wagtail Experiments  A/B testing for Wagtail. Wagtail Personalisation - Personalisation module, enabling editors to create customised pages - or parts of pages - based on segments whose rules are configured directly in the admin interface. Security wagtailenforcer - If you need to enforce security protocols on your Wagtail site you've come to the right place. wagtail-yubikey - Enable YubiKey two factor authentication on Wagtail admin panel. wagtail-2fa - Add two-factor authentication to Wagtail by integrating it with django-otp. Media wagtailmedia - A Wagtail module for managing video and audio files within the admin. Wagtail Alt Generator - A module for generating image description and tags based on computer vision. Wagtail FilePreviews - Extend Wagtail's Documents with image previews and metadata from FilePreviews.io. Wagtail-Textract - Make Wagtail search Documents contents (PDF, Excel and Word, etc.). Wagtail-Lazyimages - A plugin that generates tiny blurry placeholder images for lazy loading Wagtail images medium.com style. Wagtail Image Import - A plugin for importing images from Google Drive. Wagtail SVG - A Wagtail module for managing SVG files within the admin. Wagtail Makeup - A plugin that replaces all your images with Unsplash images. Rent Free Media - A media distribution framework built on Django and Wagtail. Premium / subscription-based publishing like Patreon or Substack. Wagtail CLIP - A module for searching the contents of Wagtail images with natural language queries. Wagtail Stock Images - Search stock images (e.g. via Unsplash) and save them to your Wagtail image library. Wagtail Transcription - Provides a field to automatically creates transcriptions from YouTube videos. Translations Wagtail Modeltranslation - Simple app containing a mixin model that integrates django-modeltranslation into Wagtail panels system. wagtailtrans - A Wagtail add-on for supporting multilingual sites. Wagtail Localize - A translation plugin for the Wagtail CMS, allows pages or snippets to be translated within Wagtail's admin interface. Forms Wagtail's built in Form Builder for general use cases. Wagtail ReCaptcha - wagtail-django-captcha provides an easy way to integrate the django-recaptcha field when using the Wagtail formbuilder. Wagtail Simple Captcha - A self-hosted alternative to Wagtail ReCaptcha that easily integrates a django-simple-captcha field into the Wagtail form builder. wagtailstreamforms - Build forms in Wagtail's admin for use in streamfields. wagtail-contact-reply - Reply directly to form submissions from the Wagtail admin Wagtail JotForm - Embeddable Jotform forms for Wagtail pages. Wagtail Model Forms - The Wagtail Form Builder functionalities available for your models/snippets. Wagtail Formation - Fully dynamic and easy to use CMS-able forms for wagtail Testing wagtail-linkchecker - A tool to assist with finding broken links on your Wagtail site. Wagtail Accessibility  A plugin to assist with accessibility when developing in Wagtail. Wagtail Factories - Factory boy classes for Wagtail. Wagtail Foliage - Utilities for programmatically building page trees in Wagtail. Modeladmin wagtail-admin-list-controls - Adds advanced search, ordering and layout controls to Wagtail's modeladmin list views. wagtail-rangefilter - Integrates django-admin-rangefilter into Wagtail's ModelAdmin. wagtail-treemodeladmin - Page explorer-like navigation of Django model relationships using ModelAdmin. Asynchronous (tasks) Wagtail Celery Beat - A way to manage your Django Celery Beat tasks inside of the Wagtail admin. Content Management Wagtail Themes - Site-specific theme loader for Wagtail. Wagtail Sharing  Easier sharing of Wagtail drafts. Wagtail Transfer - An official extension for Wagtail allowing content to be transferred between multiple instances of a Wagtail project Wagtail Import Export - Import/Export pages between Wagtail instances. Wagtail Import/Export Tool - Refactor of Wagtail Import Export. This tool supports importing/exporting images, documents, and snippets that are used on imported/exported pages. Wagtail Tag Manager - A Wagtail addon that allows for easier and GDPR compliant administration of scripts and tags. Wagtail Live Preview - Live page previews beside your content. Wagtail Content Import - Import content from Google Docs or Docx into StreamFields, using a customisable mapping system. Wagtail Headless Preview - Previews for headless Wagtail setups Wagtail-FEdit - Add frontend editing to your Wagtail site. Misc wagtailmenus - An extension for Torchbox's Wagtail CMS to help you manage and render multi-level navigation and simple flat menus in a consistent, flexible way. Wagtail Error Pages - Pretty, smart, customizable error pages for Wagtail. Wagtail Gridder - Grid card layout similar to Google image search results, with an expanded area for card details. Wagtail Condensed Inline Panel - Drop-in replacement for Wagtail's InlinePanel suited for large number of inlines (collapsible with drag and drop support). Joyous - A calendar application for Wagtail. Wagtail App Pages - Extend Wagtail pages using an actual URL config and django views. Wagtail Cache - A simple page cache for Wagtail using the Django cache middleware. Wagtail GraphQL - App to automatically add GraphQL support to a Wagtail website. Wagtail Orderable - Mixin support for drag-and-drop ordering in admin panel. Wagtail Resume  A Wagtail project made to simplify creation of resumes for developers. Wagtail Trash - Will place pages in a trash can from where they can be restored instead of being permanently deleted. Wagtail PDF View - Render Wagtail pages and models as PDF document using Weasyprint or LaTeX. Wagtail Grapple - A Wagtail app that makes building GraphQL endpoints a breeze. Wagtail Secret Sharing - Keep sensitive information out of your chat logs and email via a secure sharing protocol Wagtail Cache Invalidator - Invalidate and purge (frontend) cache via an user-friendly interface in the Wagtail CMS. Wagtail Word - A way to upload your word (.docx, .doc) documents as pages to Wagtail. Tools Templates & Starter Kits Wagtail Cookiecutter Foundation - A Cookiecutter template for Wagtail CMS using Zurb Foundation 6. Beginner Wagtail Cookiecutter  A super simple implementation of Wagtail CMS. Wagtail Pipit  Pipit is a Wagtail boilerplate which aims to provide an easy and modern developer workflow with a React-rendered frontend. Django Cookiecutter Wagtail  A Django Cookiecutter template with Wagtail. Based on the original 'Django Cookiecutter'. Features: Docker support using docker-compose for development and production (using Traefik with LetsEncrypt support), customizable PostgreSQL version, Bootstrap 4, media storage using Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage and many more. wagtail-webpack-dokku - A template with Wagtail, Webpack using django-webpack-loader, Bootstrap 5, production ready for Dokku. CodeRed CMS - a professionally supported WordPress alternative for building marketing websites. Create pages, blogs, forms, and every Bootstrap 4 component in the wagtail admin out-of-the-box! Learn more or watch the lightning talk. Wordpress to Wagtail migration kit - Import WordPress blog content from an XML file into Wagtail. cookiecutter-wagtail-package - A cookiecutter template for building Wagtail add-on packages. Wagtail Tailwind & Stimulus blog - A Wagtail blog based on Tailwind CSS, Stimulus, it supports Markdown, Latex and user comments. Wagtail for Platform.sh - Wagtail template for Platform.sh. cookiecutter-wagtail-vix - A matteries-included, reusable project skeleton to serve as a starting point for a Wagtail project. Wagtail Quickstart with docker - A template repository to get started quickly with the latest Wagtail in docker. State Design System (DSFR) starter - Wagtail template and starter kit from the French government. Templates (start command) Wagtail tutorial template Wagtail news template Resources Getting started Getting started in Wagtail, a newcomer's perspective - Having used Drupal almost exclusively as my main tool of choice for a while now, I was asked to put together a build using Wagtail. By @kiwimind. Prsentation de Wagtail, le dernier CMS Django - Wagtail est un CMS relativement rcent dans lcosystme Django. Pour autant, son jeune ge ne lempche pas de possder de nombreuses fonctionnalits que nous dcouvrirons dans cet article. Getting Started With Wagtail - Working extensively with Wagtail and the surrounding community, we have discovered a range of common pitfalls developers run into when beginning to deliver with Wagtail. Articles Extending The Functionality of Email Forms in Wagtail Wagtail: 2 Steps for Adding Pages Outside of the CMS Code blocks for Wagtail using Pygments Adding document previews to Wagtail CMS Wagtail Tutorials: Build Blog Step by Step - The tutorials teach you how to create a standard blog from scratch step by step. Python CMS Framework Review: Wagtail vs Django-CMS - Talk about the difference between Django-CMS and Wagtail, the two most popular CMS framework in Python world. Deploying Wagtail In Production Setting Up Foundation Sass With Wagtail Upgrading to Wagtail 2.0  Wagtail 2.0 is one of our biggest releases to date. Getting started with Draftail extensions  Do you want to write extensions for Draftail? This is a good place to start. Amplify a Wagtail/Django site - Prepare you Wagtail site for Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP). Migrating your Drupal content to Wagtail How to Add Buttons to ModelAdmin Index View How to Prevent Users from Creating Pages by Type Drupal Front End WTF, Wagtail Front End FTW - Comparing Drupal and Wagtail Markup and approach to each CMS How to Create and Manage Menus of Wagtail application PythonEatsTail - Complete written and video tutorials to create a Wagtail site with multiple languages, authentication and more Upgrading to Wagtail 3.0 - General tips to migrate your codebase to Wagtail 3.0. Upgrading to Wagtail 3.0 Part 1 & Upgrading to Wagtail 3.0 Part 2 - Two part series in how to migrate to Wagtail 3.0 with specific code examples. Multi-tenancy with Wagtail - Multiple part guide on robust multi-tenancy support in Wagtail. Recipes Oscar Wagtail demo project - A Django recipe for integrating Oscar E-commerce into a Wagtail CMS application. Serafeim's Wagtail FAQ - Answers and recipes for Wagtail Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Wagtail development guide - Unit Testing Django and Wagtail Presentations An Introduction to Wagtail by Eloise "Ducky" Macdonald-Meyer - This talk is an introduction to Wagtail, a content management system built on the Python web framework, Django. DjangoCon US 2015 - Wagtail - Yet Another Django CMS by Tom Dyson - Tom will explain why his agency decided to build a new CMS, share some lessons learned in running a growing open source project, and outline Wagtail's roadmap to version 2 and beyond. Slide deck. Wellington Wagtail CMS Meetup - Meet Wagtail by Josh, Jordi and Rich, from the Springload dev team - An introductory session to Wagtail to showcase the main features it has to offer. DjangoCon US 2016 - Atomic Wagtail by Kurt Wall  Brad Frost's atomic design principles are taking the way we design the web by storm. I'll explain what Wagtail is, how you can use it with atomic design principles, and some hurdles you might run into along the way with suggestions on how to help. PyCon Australia  Comparing Wagtail, Django CMS and Mezzanine by Adam Brenecki  This talk explores the different approaches, strengths and weaknesses of each CMS, and what they mean for you as a developer and for your content editors. Wagtail    CMS  Django by Mikalai Radchuk - This talk is an introduction to Wagtail in Russian. Wagtail & Agile  Wagtail Space 2017 by Edd Baldry. Deploy Wagtail to the Divio Cloud  Wagtail Space 2017 by Daniele Procida. All about Wagtail  Wagtail Space 2017 by Robin van der Rijst. Presenting Wagtail Clear StreamField, a modular StreamField app  Wagtail Space 2017 by Edd Baldry. Wagtail Experiments, easy A/B testing for your Wagtail sites  Wagtail Space 2017 by Tom Dyson. Wagtail's preview, a new hope  Wagtail Space 2017 by Bertrand Bordage. The Zen of Wagtail  Wagtail Space 2017 by Matt Westcott. Plone to Wagtail  Wagtail Space 2017 by Coen van der Kamp. Hundreds of Wagtail in Flight  Wagtail Space 2017 by Simon de Haan. How Google uses Wagtail  Wagtail Space 2018 by Kevin Chung. Introducing Draft.js in Wagtail  Wagtail Space 2018 by Thibaud Colas. Presentation. Let It Go  Wagtail Space 2018 by Matt Wescott. Developing Solutions for Girls, by Men  Wagtail Space 2018 by Lisa Adams. Wagtails first hatch  Wagtail Space 2018 by Bertrand Bordage. The Word Problem  Wagtail Space 2018 by Tom Dyson. Wagtail on Divio Cloud  Wagtail Space 2018 by Daniele Procida. Chopping the head off Wagtail and sticking it back on  Wagtail Space 2018 by Tony Yates. StreamField editor at UWKM  Wagtail Space 2018 by Geert jan Hoogeslag. Things i learned at Wagtail Space  Wagtail Space 2018 by Codie Roelf. Fly Wagtail to a PyCon  Wagtail Space 2018 by Daniele Procida. Wagtail Performance  Wagtail Space 2018 by Michael van Tellingen. Code. Mutliple images uploader  Wagtail Space 2018 by Rajeev J Sebastian. Wagtail Space easter egg team demo  Wagtail Space 2018 by Lars. Code. Wagtail Space 2019  Wagtail Space 2018 by Maarten Kling. Wagtail in 2018  Wagtail Space US 2018 by Tom Dyson. What the Wagtail Docs Don't Tell You  Wagtail Space US 2018 by Lacey Williams Henschel. Django Logging for Wagtail  Wagtail Space US 2018 by Ryan Sullivan. Scaling Wagtail for 100 Million Girls  Wagtail Space US 2018 by Lisa Adams and Codie Roelf. Using Wagtail to Fight for Press Freedom  Wagtail Space US 2018 by Harris Lapiroff. Choosing Wagtail for Columbia University  Wagtail Space US 2018 by Zarina Mustapha. Running a Multi-Site Newsroom in Wagtail  Wagtail Space US 2018 by Ryan Verner. Wagtail in the Cloud  Wagtail Space US 2018 by Daniele Procida. Beheading Wagtail: Wagtail as a Headless CMS  Wagtail Space US 2018 by Michael Harrison. Learning Wagtail  Wagtail Space US 2018 by Dawn Wages. Sharing is Caring  Wagtail Space US 2018 by Andy Chosak. Lightning Talks  Wagtail Space US 2018 Wagtail:   - ,   Django  Moscow Python Conf++ 2018 by   The State of Wagtail  Wagtail Space 2019 by Tom Dyson. Image rotation feature  Wagtail Space 2019 by Chris Adams. Code. Debug templates  Wagtail Space 2019 by Coen van der Kamp. Wagtail Headless with HATEOAS  Wagtail Space 2019 by Duco Dokter. Building a Planet Friendly Web (with Wagtail)  Wagtail Space 2019 by Chris Adams. [WIP] The future of (rich text) authoring experiences in Wagtail  Wagtail Space 2019 by Thibaud Colas. Wagtail & Whatsapp  Wagtail Space 2019 by Lisa Adams & Codie Roelf. Slack2Wagtail  Wagtail Space 2019 by Coen van der Kamp & Lucas Moeskops. Wagtail and Oscar  Wagtail Space 2019 by Lars van de Kerkhof. wagtail-textract  Wagtail Space 2019 by Kees Hink. Code. Django 2.2 compatibility  Wagtail Space 2019 by Matt Wescott. SEO dashboard  Wagtail Space 2019 by Janneke Janssen. Code. My First Wagtail Contribution  More formats in RichText Editor  Wagtail Space 2019 by Arifin Ibne Matin. Fly, Wagtail, fly!  Wagtail Space 2019 by Daniele Procida. Wagtail & GraphQL  Wagtail Space 2019 by Arthur Bayr. Writing (code) for authors  Wagtail Space US 2019 by Brian Smith & Eric Sherman. Slides. Saving Lives With Wagtail: Recovery Meetings Across the World  Wagtail Space US 2019 by Timothy Allen. Why we chose Wagtail for CodeRed CMS  Wagtail Space US 2019 by Vince Salvino. Building a Wagtail-based site and authoring environment with accessibility in mind  Wagtail Space US 2019 by Zarina Mustapha. Making Wagtail Accessible  Wagtail Space US 2019 by Thibaud Colas. Slides. Everyone can fly a flag  Wagtail Space US 2019 by Will Barton. Slides. Architecting for a multi-domain site  Wagtail Space US 2019 by Ben Beecher. Slides. Contributions can be more than code  Wagtail Space US 2019 by Kalob Taulien. Thoughtful Code Review  Wagtail Space US 2019 by Naomi Morduch Toubman. Slides. Solving your problems by spelunking the Wagtail code  Wagtail Space US 2019 by Harris Lapiroff. Slides The State of Wagtail: 2019  Wagtail Space US 2019 by Tom Dyson. Wagtail Guide - Getting started - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Coen van der Kamp. A New Approach to Multitenant Wagtail - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Stephanie C. Smith and Addison Hardy. The Wagtail Marketplace for Games-based Courses - Wagtail Space 2022 by Sarah Toms. The Wagtail Ecosystem - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Vince Salvino. Wagtail charts and graphs - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Svar fjr Magnsson & Arnar Tumi orsteinsson. Wagtail as a headless CMS for JavaScript frontends - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Tommaso Amici. Adding a GraphQL API to Wagtail - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Patrick Arminio. Bringing JSONField into Wagtail Core - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Sage Abdullah. Wagtail vs. WordPress - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Kalob Taulien. Designing the new page editor - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Phil Dexter and Ben Enright. 5 Things I Learned About Wagtail the Hard Way - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Meagen Voss. Tips for Maintaining Wagtail Packages - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Tim Allen. Wagtail Guide - Wagtail Space US 2022 by Coen van der Kamp. The state of Wagtail 2022 - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Tom Dyson. Choosers - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Matthew Westcott. Working with Image Filters - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Arnar Tumi orsteinsson. Things I learned - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Dan Braghis. Wagtail Roadrunner Beep Beep - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Lars van de Kerkhof. Dockerising wagtail projects in 5 minutes - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Svar fjr Magnsson. Wagtail in the News Room - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Svar fjr Magnsson & Arnar Tumi orsteinsson. Digital Nomad - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Maikel Martens. Unobtrusive internationalisation - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Lars van de Kerkhof. Moving Wagtail pages - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Viggo de Vries. Wagtail architecture options, or should I go headless - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Dan Braghis. Wagtail headless and NextJS frontend - Wagtail Space NL 2022 by Lucas Moeskops. Podcasts Podcast.init Episode 58 - Wagtail with Tom Dyson - In this episode Tom Dyson explains how Wagtail came to be created, what sets it apart from other options, and when you should implement it for your projects. Django Chat: Wagtail CMS - Tom Dyson - An interview with Tom Dyson on Wagtail, the leading Django-based CMS used by tens of thousands of organizations including Google, NASA, and the British NHS. Django Chat: Dawn Wages - An interview with Dawn Wages, a core Wagtail team member. Discussion about Wagtail, React and Gatsby. Django Chat: Thibaud Colas - An interview with a core team member of Wagtail, discussing the current status of Django, upcoming DSF Board elections, Wagtail roadmap & community opportunities. Videos Learn Wagtail - Regular video tutorials about all aspects of Wagtail. Wagtail screencasts: Creating and displaying pages in Wagtail - This video will show you how to create and display pages using the Wagtail CMS. Draftail extensions  custom entities tutorial - Step-by-step tutorial to make extensions for Draftail. Wagtail Wednesdays #01 - Adding Help Text to Improve Wagtail Editor Experience - Catherine talks you through the steps you can take to add some useful supplementary text fields to the Wagtail admin. Wagtail Wednesdays #02 - Customising Rich Text Features in Wagtail - Catherine talks you through the steps you can take to customise your rich text editors to control which features are available to your content editors. Wagtail Wednesdays #03 - Using tabs to create a cleaner admin interface - Chris talks you through using tabs to organise fields. Wagtail Wednesdays #04 - Organising Images and Documents using Wagtail Collections - Kieran talks you through the process of organising your images and documents into collections. Wagtail Wednesdays #05 - How to organise your fields and streamline the editor experience - Chelsea talks you through the process of organising your fields to make it easier to manage them and streamline the editor experience. Wagtail Wednesdays #06 - Creating & using custom settings in your wagtail site - Chris talks you through setting up and using custom site settings. Wagtail Wednesdays #07 - How to Enable the Wagtail Styleguide - Its a really helpful resource that takes no time at all to enable and it allows you to check your components against the guidelines and shows all the available Wagtail icons. How to Deploy Wagtail to Google App Engine - Focus is Google Cloud Platform but a great introduction on how to get Wagtail up and running in their PAAS. Books Wagtail CMS in Action - Book about creating powerful, simple web applications using the Wagtail content management system. The Definitive Guide to Next.js and Wagtail - Build a Jamstack web app with Next.js and Wagtail CMS. Build a Blog With Wagtail CMS (3.0.0) - This book will teach you how to build a modern blog with Wagtail CMS. Build SPA with React and Wagtail (2.0.0) - This book will teach you how to build a SPA (single-page application) with React and Wagtail CMS. Build a Blog with React (SSR) and Wagtail - This book will teach you how to build a blog with React, Wagtail CMS and SSR (Server-Side Rendering). Showcases Made with Wagtail - A showcase of sites and apps made with Wagtail CMS. Contributed apps and website code - A provisional directory of third-party contributed Wagtail websites and apps. Lists PyPI - Python Package Index - Wagtail packages on the Python Package Index. Django Packages - Wagtail projects and packages on Django Packages. For editors How Do I Wagtail? - Mozilla's editor facing guide for how to use Wagtail's admin interface. Source for this hosted on Mozilla's Github Wagtail Editor's manual - Wagtail documentation for editors CCA Wagtail Editor Portal - User facing documentation for Wagtail by California College of the Arts Caltech Wagtail Editor Portal - User facing documentation for Wagtail by Caltech IoGT Wagtail CMS - User facing documentation for Wagtail by What is the IoGT (Internet of Good Things). Community Dutch Wagtail Meetup - This is a group for anyone interested in working and developing with Wagtail. Wellington Wagtail CMS Meetup - The first Wagtail CMS meetup in New Zealand! Wagtail Space - Wagtail training sessions, Wagtail (lightning) talks and a Wagtail sprint. From March 13th until 15th 2019, Wagtail Space takes place in Arnhem, The Netherlands. Wagtails first hatch  Kickstarter campaign to accelerate the development of Wagtail. Wagtail updates on Telegram - Unofficial Telegram channel for general Wagtail updates. Wagtail support on Telegram - Unofficial Telegram channel for support questions and discussions. Open-source sites bakerydemo  Next generation Wagtail demo, born in Reykjavk. wagtaildemo  An example site implemented with Wagtail. Torchbox  Wagtail build of Torchbox.com. Made with Wagtail - A showcase of sites and apps made with Wagtail CMS. OpenCanada.org  The opencanada.org website source. Federal Election Commission  The content management system (CMS) for the new Federal Election Commission website. Table Tennis Wellington Business Class  Website for the table tennis business league in Wellington NZ. Jordi Joans blog  Personal blog site using Wagtail CMS. Localore: Finding America  Wagtail-based CMS and Ansible playbooks for Localore: Finding America. Adventure Capitalists  Wagtail powered website for the world's only investment band. NHS.UK Content Store  NHS.UK content store and editing app. dev.hel.fi  City of Helsinki development site with Wagtail. Digital Helsinki  City of Helsinki Digital Helsinki Wagtail CMS. Secure the News  An automated scanner and web dashboard for tracking TLS deployment across news organizations. HackSoft  Website for HackSoft. HackConf  Website for the annual HackConf. RTEI  Right to Education Index website (OKFN). BVSPCA  Bow Valley SPCA website. Project TIER  Teaching Integrity in Empirical Research. SecureDrop  Wagtail-powered website of the SecureDrop whistleblower document submission system. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  The source code of the Wagtail-powered consumerfinance.gov is available here on GitHub. WesternFriend - community website with directory, ecommerce, and online subscription WagtailParadise - demo Wagtail site showing common features and recipes Outreachy website - Website for Outreachy, who provide internships in open source and open science. guide - A website to teach Wagtail to content editors, moderators and administrators. Penticon Public Library - An example public library website, originally created for the Penticton Public Library in Penticton, British Columbia, Canada. Contribute Contributions are always welcome! Please read the contribution guidelines first. License To the extent possible under law, Springload has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. About A curated list of awesome packages, articles, and other cool resources from the Wagtail community. Topics python cms awesome wagtail django-cms hacktoberfest Resources Readme Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Custom properties Stars 2.1k stars Watchers 118 watching Forks 189 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 75 + 61 contributors Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.