GitHub - msub2/awesome-webxr: All things WebXR. Skip to content  Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert msub2 / awesome-webxr Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 26 Star 239 All things WebXR. License CC0-1.0 license 239 stars 26 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights msub2/awesome-webxr mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History158 CommitsLICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md contributing.mdcontributing.md prospective-webxr-creation-tools.mdprospective-webxr-creation-tools.md webxr-creation-tools.mdwebxr-creation-tools.md webxr-logo.svgwebxr-logo.svg View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome WebXR A curated list of WebXR links and resources. WebXR comprises a group of standards that allow browsers to access virtual and augmented reality devices, enabling developers to create immersive content that's easily accessible online without the need for installations or storefront curation. Contents Standout Projects Art Audio Avatars Communities Discord Facebook Forums LinkedIn Reddit Companies and Cooperatives Content Hubs Development Engines Frameworks and Libraries Other Learning Resources Monetization Social Spaces Web3XR Galleries Realms YouTube Standout Projects Impressive and notable WebXR projects. Hello WebXR - Made to commemorate the release of the WebXR 1.0 API, showcases some of what's possible with WebXR. This links to a mirror of the experience on my own fork, as it is no longer accessible at its original domain. Moonrider - A rhythm game built by Supermedium similar to Beat Saber. Plockle - A spatial block puzzle game with over 40 levels. Castle Builder - A collaborative and cross-platform castle-building game utilizing a unique Unity-to-three.js pipeline. Prehistoric Domain - A Jurassic Park-esque experience in the browser, with multiple dinosaur exhibits available and more planned for the future. Above Par-adowski WebXR Mini Golf - A WebXR minigolf game designed by Paradowski Creative, featuring 9 holes spread across a unique and varied environment. Yolopia - A rhythm game which combines flow, boxing and pose matching. f60 - A cross-platform WebXR escape room series set within a Soviet prison. The Escape Artist - An award-winning escape room game by Paradowski Creative set inside the mind of an artist, with an overarching narrative about the creative process. NeoFables - Create your own worlds in the first dynamically AI generated VR storytelling experience. Nominated for "Game of the Year" and "Experience of the Year" at the 2024 Polys Immersive Awards. Also first GenAI VR experience featured by Meta. Art Projects centered around artistic creations. Brushwork VR - A VR app that simulates the process of painting with a virtual canvas, palette, color mixing, and more. SoulPaint - A VR app that provides you with 3D drawing tools and a virtual body to illustrate lived experiences. Obscura - Float around and explore a structure inspired by the architecture of Carlo Scarpa. Silk Brush - A port of Tilt Brush to WebXR with plans for future extensions. VARTISTE - A VR app for 2D drawing and image editing, and 3D model texturing. Audio Projects centered around audio and audiovisual experiences. beats - A semi-collaborative app with various rooms where anyone can create or modify an existing musical loop. Fathom VR - A WebXR version of the music discovery app Fathom, which lets you search for and explore clouds of related artists with spatialized audio. TRACK - A linear ride through an immersive audiovisual experience developed by Little Workshop. Avatars Resources for creating and utilizing 3D avatars in immersive experiences. Exokit Avatars - A web-based avatar system that can load humanoid avatars in multiple different model formats and features arm+leg IK, facial animation via visemes, and more. The original repo is no longer maintained, but there is a more up-to-date fork available here. ReadyPlayerMe - Lets you quickly and easily create a 3D avatar online that you can download in glTF format. VRoid - Lets you create anime-styled 3D avatars that export to the highly-compatible .vrm format. Communities Where WebXR developers gather, ask questions, share projects, etc. Discord Metaverse Makers Discord - Official server for M3, the Metaverse Makers Mastermind group. WebXR Discord - Official Discord server for all things WebXR, with over 1000 members. WebXR Francophone Discord - French-speaking Discord server for WebXR. Wonderland Engine Discord - Wonderland Engine Discord server. XR Foundation Discord - Official server for XR Foundation, responsible for XREngine and various other metaverse-related projects. Zesty Market Discord - Official server for Zesty Market. Facebook Immersive Web - Oldest WebXR-related group, originally made for WebVR. WebXR - Slightly newer WebXR-centric group. WebXR Korea - Korean WebXR group created by Belivvr. WebXR Paris - Companion to the WebXR Paris group on Meetup. Forums Babylon.js Forum - Official Babylon.js forum. three.js Forum - Official three.js forum. PlayCanvas Forum - Official PlayCanvas forum. WebXR Community Forum - Official forum for all things WebXR. Sister community to the WebXR Discord. LinkedIn WebXR - WebXR LinkedIn Group Reddit r/WebVR - Initially the main subreddit for WebVR discussion, now features general WebXR content along with r/WebXR. r/WonderlandEngine - Wonderland Engine subreddit. Companies and Cooperatives Companies and cooperatives centered around/doing work in WebXR. Active Theory - Developed the Dreamwave platform. Aircards - WebAR advertising/marketing agency. Hatsumi - A design studio developing experiences at the intersection of healthcare and art. Immers Space - A Distributed Cooperative Organization (DisCO) focused on enabling open and federated immersive web content. Laguna Labs - Immersive web tech agency. MetaVRse - Enterprise-focused metaverse creation company. Parent company of MetaVRse Engine, MetaVRse Studio, and MetaVRse Properties such as TheMall. Playko Software - VR/AR/WebXR agency and WebXR game development studio. REM5 - Digital immersive experience design studio specializing in education and social equity initiatives. Sketchfab - 3D model marketplace that offers a VR previewer. Vhite Rabbit - Parent company behind Construct Arcade. Content Hubs Sites dedicated to gathering, indexing, and publishing WebXR content. Extended Collection - A curated library of links to the Immersive Web maintained by vrhermit. heyVR - A curated platform for publishing WebXR games. PICO Browser Start Page - The default start page for PICO Browser. Wolvic Start Page - The default start page for the Wolvic browser. Development Some of the tools that make WebXR content possible. For a complete list, see the separate WebXR Creation Tools list. For a more in-depth list, see the awesome-webxr-development list. Engines iR Engine - A full stack MMO engine built on three.js and bitECS with support for WebXR. Godot - A cross-platform, open-source engine with WebXR support as of version 3.2.4. Official Documentation MetaVRse Engine - Web-based tool designed to make XR and 3D content creation. No-code/low-code template system, automatic embedding for business and education. Official Documentation Needle - An engine and exporter for Blender and Unity. Official Documentation nunuStudio - A multiplatform, open-source engine built on three.js that can be used natively or in the browser. Official Documentation Onirix Studio - A no-code editor for creating Web AR experiences in the browser. It emulates features of the WebXR if target device / browser is not compatible. PlayCanvas - A browser-based WebGL engine with support for WebXR content, mobile browsers, collaborative editing, and more. Official Documentation Rogue Engine - An HTML5 Game Engine based on Three.js and TypeScript. Official Documentation Unity - A highly popular game engine with community packages that enable content to be exported for WebXR. WebXR Export - Exporter by De-Panther SimpleWebXR - Exporter by Rufus31415 Wonderland Engine - A development platform designed specifically for building WebXR applications. Official Documentation Frameworks and Libraries A-Frame - Lets you create VR experiences using declarative HTML and custom JavaScript components built on top of three.js. Official Documentation Babylon.js - A powerful and feature-rich rendering engine packaged into a JavaScript framework. Official Documentation JanusWeb - An in-browser implementation of JanusVR that lets you build social VR experiences. JSAR-DOM A TypeScript re-implementation of WHATWG DOM, CSSOM and WebXR for XR applications built on top of Babylon.js. p5.xr - An add-on for the library p5.js that allows you to create immersive p5 sketches. react-three-fiber - A React renderer for three.js. Additional WebXR-specific hooks and components are available in React XR as well. three.js - A JavaScript library for rendering 3D content with WebGL that powers many existing WebXR experiences and tools. Official Documentation Threlte - A Svelte renderer and component library for three.js. WebXR-specific hooks and components are available in the @threlte/xr package. X3DOM - A framework for integrating and manipulating X3D scenes as HTML5/DOM elements. Official Documentation Other Verge3D - A toolkit that allows 3D artists to export their scenes and create immersive web experiences with ease. Official Documentation XR Fragments - A tiny specification for controlling any 3D model using URLs, based on existing metadata. Promoting hyperlinked WebXR storytelling using all 3D editors and viewers. Learning Resources Courses and tutorials for creating WebXR content. Learn A-Frame (VR) - A roughly 6-hour Codecademy course written in partnership with A-Frame. babylon.js Guided Learning - Detailed text and video tutorials that complement the other instructional pages in the documentation. Monetization Methods for monetizing WebXR content (outside of traditional web advertising platforms like Google Ads, as well as crypto, which falls under Web3XR). Zesty Market - A marketplace for rentable banner spaces in XR. Offers integrations with most major WebXR creation tools. Social Spaces Projects focused on creating social spaces for users to gather and/or collaborate in. Dreamwave - A web-based platform for hosting scalable virtual events. Powered the virtual music festival Secret Sky 2021. Emerald City - A virtual event space developed by Hub Culture. FRAME - A platform focused on enabling easy 3D collaborations in a virtual space. Hubs - A community-owned platform for enabling users to gather and collaborate virtually, initially created by Mozilla. Web3XR Projects at the intersection of WebXR and crypto/blockchain technologies. Galleries 3XR - A project by microchipgnu that has integrated with Mintbase to create virtual galleries for NFT artwork on NEAR. glry.xyz - A site that hosts virtual galleries for NFT art on the Tezos blockchain. oncyber - Offers both free and collectible gallery spaces to display NFTs across multiple different chains. Realms Voxels - A virtual world powered by Ethereum where players can buy land, build stores, display art, and more. Hyperfy - A platform hosting up to 10,000 customizable, cross-platform, and immersive virtual worlds. Built on three.js, powered by Ethereum. Ozone Metaverse - A spatial computing cloud platform offering world creation tools with Web3 integrations and monetization. Somnium Space Web - A web viewer that allows you to explore parcels from Somnium Space in your browser, with VR support on the Oculus Quest browser. vrland - A platform for gathering and virtual showcases that supports displaying of NFTs. YouTube YouTube channels with a heavy focus on WebXR. M3 - Official M3 channel. Sorskoot - Tutorials and other WebXR related content. WebXR - Official WebXR channel. WebXR Summit Series - Contains clips, VODs, and other videos from the WebXR Summit Series. Wonderland Engine - Official Wonderland Engine channel. About All things WebXR. Topics awesome vr ar awesome-list webxr immersive-web Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 239 stars Watchers 11 watching Forks 26 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 14 Footer  2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You cant perform that action at this time.