GitHub - ravirupareliya/awesome-actions-on-google: A collection of useful things regarding Actions on Google. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert ravirupareliya / awesome-actions-on-google Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 17 Star 96 A collection of useful things regarding Actions on Google. License CC0-1.0 license 96 stars 17 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 1 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights ravirupareliya/awesome-actions-on-google masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History42 CommitsLICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Actions on Google A curated list of awesome AoG(Action on Google) libraries, blogs, open-source project, videos. With Actions on Google, you can easily reach and engage with users across Google. From quick commands to full conversations, Actions help you connect your content and services to users with the Google Assistant. Contents Blogs Videos Codelabs/Courses Podcasts Open source code People to follow Applications Document Actions on Google Template Actions Build digital transactions Interactive Canvas Blogs Chord Assist: Building an accessible smart guitar for the blind, deaf and mute - By Joe Birch. The Full-Stack Guide to Actions for Google Assistant - By Uri Shaked Building an Action for Google Assistant: Getting Started - By Jenn Bailey Build your own Action for Google Assistant - By Jessica Thornsy Create Your First Google Assistant Application - By Ravi Rupareliya How to automate testing for Google Assistant Apps? - By Ruben Oostinga. Use video loops with Interactive Canvas - By Leon Nicholls Videos What are Actions on Google - Luke Davis and guest Jessica Dene Early-Cha introduce the concept of Actions on Google, and talk about common terminology. Smart Home Integrations on Google Assistant - Jessica Dene Early-Cha and guest Dan Myers go over how to get onboarded to Google Assistant for their smart devices and how voice commands work. Pathway to creating your own Action - Jessica Dene Earley-Cha and guest Brad Abrams talk about content, App Actions, and experiences. Creating personality for your Actions - In this episode of Assistant on Air, host Jessica Dene Early Cha and guest Wally Brill discuss why it's important to design with persona and how to bring it to life. Intro to the Google Assistant: Build Your First Action (Google I/O'19) - This intro session will cover the fundamentals of the Google Assistant and what you can build for the assistive future. Reach the Next Billion Users with Your Actions for the Google Assistant (Google I/O'19) - Come learn how users in emerging markets are interacting with the Google Assistant, what they expect from your Actions, and what opportunities you have to grow your services with them. Smart Home 101: How to Develop for the Connected Home (Google I/O'19) - This session covers updates on the latest tools and capabilities of our smart home API, along with how developers and device makers alike can benefit from deeper integrations with the Google Assistant ecosystem. Create App-like Experiences on Google Search and the Google Assistant (Google I/O'19) - Learn how to create interactive, app-like experiences that engage users right on the Google Search results page and the Google Assistant. Extend Your Android App to the Google Assistant (Google I/O'19) - This session is about App Actions and Slices to learn how to let your app users quickly get things done through the Google Assistant. 10 Best Practices for High Quality Actions (Google I/O'19) - Learn how to reduce development errors, enhance discovery of your Action, grow your user base, and avoid mistakes along the way when building quality and engaging Actions. Local Technologies for the Smart Home (Google I/O'19) - This talk will dive deep into a new SDK that enables developers to locally communicate with and control their smart devices, along with providing a preview of what’s to come. Tools for Building Better Smart Home Actions (Google I/O'19) - This session will discuss tools to help developers build smart home Actions that make users’ lives easier. Enhance Your Search and Assistant Presence with Structured Data (Google I/O'19) - Learn how to surface your engaging content on Google Search and the Google Assistant. Build Interactive Games for the Google Assistant (Google I/O'19) - Learn how to design and develop immersive gaming experiences for the Google Assistant. Voice and Visual: How to Build Actions for Smart Displays and More Devices (Google I/O'19) - In this talk, we’ll walk you through design and developer considerations for building multimodal experiences across Google Assistant-enabled devices. How We Built the Google Assistant Sandbox Demos (And How You Can Too) (Google I/O'19) Data and Insights to Build for the Digital Assistant Era (Google I/O'19) Designing Quality Conversations for the Google Assistant (Google I/O'19) - A conversation designer and a developer will walk you through setting user expectations, handling unexpected user responses, and making improvements with user insights. Codelabs/Courses Build Actions for Google Assistant using Actions Builder (Level 1) Build Actions for Google Assistant using Actions Builder (Level 2) Build Actions for the Google Assistant (Level 1) Build Actions for the Google Assistant (Level 2) Build Actions for the Google Assistant (Level 3) Engage Users with your Action Extend an Android app to the Google Assistant with App Actions Connect smart home devices to the Google Assistant Smart Home Local Execution Smart Home Washer Build a Conversational Action for Google Assistant Build a sophisticated Conversational Action for Google Assistant Build Interactive Apps with Google Assistant - Qwiklabs quest with 6 labs. Google Assistant development with Actions on Google - Udemy course to create an app for the Google Assistant and Google Home in Node.js. Build Actions for Google Assistant - Udemy course to build actions with Dialogflow. Podcasts Assistant On Air - By Google team Open source code Canvas Quiz - It is a starter kit for developers to make custom, voice-enabled question-answer games for the Google Assistant. Interactive Canvas editor - Editor to create a web app for Interactive Canvas that is immediately loaded onto a smart display device. This allows for quick prototyping of web apps for Interactive Canvas. Virtual Pet - It is built with interactive canvas. In this game, you will adopt and take care of a hamster just like you would in real life, except through Google Assistant. Spellcast - Experimental Interactive Canvas game for the Google Assistant. Silly Name Maker (Node.js) (Java) - Parameters sample (using Dialogflow). Facts about Google (Node.js) (Java) - Custom Entities, Contexts, and Deep Links sample (using Dialogflow). Name Psychic (Node.js) (Java) - Permissions and Google Maps Static API sample (using Dialogflow). Number Genie (Node.js) (Java) - Localization sample. GDG Action - This sample demonstrates Actions on Google features for use on Google Assistant including localization (i18n-node), conversation design, rich responses, and API integrations. Say Number (Node.js) (Java) - Say a number Actions SDK sample for Actions on Google. Smart Home sample - A sample of the Smart Home device control APIs in Actions on Google. PDPU Scheduler - It's a Google Assistant action for PDPU that tells you about which classes and labs you have today. karaoke - Amanda Cavallaro - Conversational App to buid your own karaoke using GCP, YouTube API and Actions on Google. People to follow Actions on Google - Official Actions on Google Account. Jessica Dene Earley-Cha - Developer Advocate @google. Joe Birch - Android Lead @Buffer. GDE for @Android, @actionsongoogle, @FlutterIO & @GooglePay. Instructor @caster_io. Allen "Prisoner" Firstenberg - GDE for Actions on Google. Amanda (Chibi) Cavallaro - GDE for Actions on Google. Aygul Zagidullina - GDE for Actions on Google. Mandy Chan - Developer Advocate for the Actions On Google team. Yoichiro Tanaka - GDE for Actions on Google. Cathy Pearl - Head of Conversation Design Outreach @Google. Sachin Kumar - GDE for Actions on Google. Nick Felker - Developer Programs Engineer at Google. Leon Nicholls - Google Developer Relations Engineer Applications TuneIn - TuneIn is your everything audio app. With more than 100,000 radio stations and 5.7 million podcasts. Random Number - It will generate a random number. Netflix - Watch TV shows and movies recommended just for you, including award-winning Netflix original series, movies, and documentaries. Fun Tricks - Lighten up your day with jokes and other fun tricks. Check them out, there's always something new to try. Google Podcasts - Listen to your favorite podcasts by asking your Assistant. Contribute Contributions welcome! Read the contribution guidelines first. License About A collection of useful things regarding Actions on Google. Topics awesome awesome-list actions-on-google hacktoberfest google-assistant aog actionsongoogle actions-on-google-nodejs Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 96 stars Watchers 3 watching Forks 17 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 3 ravirupareliya Ravi Rupareliya Fleker Nick mayursojitra Mayur Sojitra Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.