GitHub - rickstaa/awesome-adsb: 📡 A curated list of awesome ASD-B tools, projects, images, resources and other shiny things. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert rickstaa / awesome-adsb Public generated from jthegedus/awesome-list-template Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 8 Star 149 📡 A curated list of awesome ASD-B tools, projects, images, resources and other shiny things. adsb.cool License CC0-1.0 license 149 stars 8 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 1 Discussions Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Discussions Actions Security Insights rickstaa/awesome-adsb mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History64 Commits.github.github _includes_includes assetsassets .gitattributes.gitattributes .gitignore.gitignore .tool-versions.tool-versions CNAMECNAME _config.yml_config.yml code_of_conduct.mdcode_of_conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md licenselicense readme.mdreadme.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 license Awesome ADS-B Note Just type adsb.cool to go here. A curated list of awesome ASD-B tools, projects, docker images, resources and other shiny things 📡. Automatic Dependent Surveillance–Broadcast (ADS-B) is a surveillance technology and form of Electronic Conspicuity in which an aircraft determines its position via satellite navigation or other sensors and periodically broadcasts it, enabling it to be tracked. Contents Docs and Quickstarts Books and Articles ADS-B Aggregators Open source orientated Community driven Non-profits Commercial Other Software General Feeding Visualisation Browser extensions Apps Social Hardware SBC Receivers Filters Antennas Follow Docs and Quickstarts ADS-B docker guide - Everything you want to know about ADS-B reception, decoding and sharing. ADS-B equipment guide - A excellent ADS-B hardware guide written by the community. PiAware ADS-B tutorial - FlightAware's ADS-B setup tutorial. ADSB-B transponders guide - A guide explaining the difference between 978 and 1090 MHz transponders. Books and Articles The 1090 Megahertz Riddle - Junzi Sun - A Guide to Decoding Mode S and ADS-B Signals. ADS-B Aggregators Note The aggregators below are displayed per category based on the number of feeders on 27-02-2023. You can check out real-time stats about all listed aggregators by clicking the Grafana button below. If the number of feeders was unavailable, sites were compared based on the number of planes they tracked. Feel free to open a create a pull request if you think the order needs to be updated. Open source orientated adsb.fi - A community-driven flight tracker with hundreds of feeders worldwide that provides open and unfiltered access to worldwide air traffic data. ADSB One - A one-stop resource for all aero-related information and a community-driven aggregator for aero-feed data legally dedicated to the public interest. ADSB.lol - A completely open-source and community-driven flight tracker that displays and provides ODbL-licensed data via a free API as well as free historical data. Community driven ADSBHub.org - A service for real-time ADS-B data sharing and exchange between plane tracking enthusiasts, plane spotters, radio amateurs and professionals interested in developing ADS-B-related software. TheAirTraffic - A community-driven ADS-B aggregator dedicated to keeping the air-tracking data on their site open and unfiltered. PlaneSpotters.net - A civil aviation database and aggregator with a large collection of aircraft photos and information. Plane.watch - A community hosted flight tracker. www.live-military-mode-s.eu - A community driven flight tracker that is focused at tracking military aircraft. adsb.chaos-consulting.de - A non-commercial tracker for flights, ships, and radiosondes managed by enthusiasts. Focuses on the contributions of individual feeding stations. Non-profits Opensky Network - The OpenSky Network is a non-profit association based in Switzerland that provides open access to flight tracking control data. It was set up as a research project by several universities and government entities to improve the security, reliability and efficiency of the airspace. Commercial FlightAware1 - An American multinational technology company that provides real-time, historical, and predictive flight tracking data and products. FlightRadar241 - A Swedish internet-based service that shows real-time aircraft flight tracking information on a map. RadarBox1 - A Tampa-based global flight tracking and data services company that offers worldwide commercial and general aviation flight tracking. ADS-B Exchange - A flight tracking company that offers high fidelity, stable, and secure flight tracking service. It was started by volunteers and flight enthusiasts but was recently acquired by JETNET. PlaneFinder.net1 - A United Kingdom-based real-time flight tracking service shows global flight data like flight numbers, how fast an aircraft moves, elevation, and travel destination. AvDelphi - An aviation data and services company that shows airframes, registrations, types, airports and flights, radar and nav points, and owner and flight histories. RadarVirtuel - A flight data collector that offers premium features. Its primary focus is collecting information about traffic around smaller airports worldwide. Other Airframes.io - Airframes is an aircraft-related aggregation service that receives ACARS, VDL, HFDL, and SATCOM data from volunteers worldwide. It collaborates closely with ADS-B aggregators and works with ADS-B data internally. Software General readsb - ADS-B decoder swiss knife. dump1090 - A simple Mode S decoder for RTLSDR devices. flightmon - Simple command-line "GUI" for showing current dump1090/readsb data. sdr-enthusiasts/plane-alert-db - A list of exciting aircraft - Governments, Dictators, Military, Historical and just plain odd. junzis/pyModeS - A python decoder for Mode S and ADS-B signals. Feeding sdr-enthusiasts/docker-adsb-ultrafeeder - All-in-one ADSB container with readsb, tar1090, graphs1090, autogain, multi-feeder, and mlat-hub built in. adsbfi/adsb-fi-scripts - Easy to use feeder install script for feeding to adsb.fi. adsblol/feed - Easy to use, container-based MLAT/ADS-B/ACARS/VDL2 multi feed client. Powered by SDR-Enthusiasts images. Visualisation wiedehopf/tar1090 - A great way to view your ADS-B data. Grafana - Open source analytics and monitoring solution for every database. Browser extensions RadarAtlas - An ADSB & tar1090 add on that makes it fun and accessible to track the most interesting aircraft in the world. Apps d4rken/adsb-meta-tracker - An android ADS-B Meta Tracker that shows metadata about ADS-B aggregators. Social docker-planefence - A little tool that can be used to log, display and tweet the aircraft that come within range of your receiver (i.e. the fence). Jxck-S/plane-notify - Notify if a selected plane has taken off or landed using OpenSky or ADS-B Exchange data. Hardware SBC Rasbpberry Pi - Small single-board computers developed in the United Kingdom. Orange Pi - Single-board computers created using OS cost-effective hardware. Banana Pi - Single-bard computers created by a Chinese open-source hardware community. Receivers FlightAware ADS-B USB receivers - ADS-B USB receivers made by FlightAware. AirNav RadarBox ADS-B USB receivers - ADS-B USB receivers made by RadarBox. RTL-SDR DONGLES - A premium RTL-SDR dongle provider focused on maintaining fair retail pricing. Filters Warning Some ADS-B USB receivers already contain an onboard filter. FlightAware Signal filters - Different signal filters made by FlightAware. Antennas Vinnant antennas - Specialized premium antennas made in Slovakia. DPD antennas - High-quality antennas for various radio services produced in the USA. Follow TODO: Please create a pull request if you know people in the ADS-B space that are worth following. Who else should we be following? ⬆ back to top Contributing Contributions of any kind are welcome 💙! Please check out the contributing guidelines. Contributors This project exists thanks to all the people that contributed! Footnotes Adheres to the FAA's Aircraft Tail Number Blocking/Unblocking list list. Therefore, the data found on this platform is filtered and may not include all data found on other aggregators. ↩ ↩2 ↩3 ↩4 About 📡 A curated list of awesome ASD-B tools, projects, images, resources and other shiny things. adsb.cool Topics list awesome tools resources awesome-list adsb Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 149 stars Watchers 6 watching Forks 8 forks Report repository Releases 38 v1.1.8 Latest Jan 28, 2024 + 37 releases Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 6 Languages HTML 96.0% CSS 4.0% Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.