GitHub - awesome-algorand/awesome-algorand: ⚡A curated list of awesome resources related to the Ⱥlgorand Blockchain ⛓ Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert awesome-algorand / awesome-algorand Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 61 Star 199 ⚡A curated list of awesome resources related to the Ⱥlgorand Blockchain ⛓ awesomealgo.com License View license 199 stars 61 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 0 Discussions Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Discussions Actions Projects Security Insights awesome-algorand/awesome-algorand mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History212 Commits.github.github markdownmarkdown .gitattributes.gitattributes .gitignore.gitignore .pre-commit-config.yaml.pre-commit-config.yaml .prettierignore.prettierignore ARCHIVED.mdARCHIVED.md CREDITS.mdCREDITS.md LICENSE.mdLICENSE.md README.mdREADME.md code_of_conduct.mdcode_of_conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md renovate.jsonrenovate.json View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductLicenseAwesome Algorand ⚡ A curated list of awesome resources related to the Algorand Blockchain. Algorand is an open-source, proof of stake blockchain and smart contract computing platform. Contents Core Resources Official Resources AlgoKit AlgoKit Templates Learning Resources Crash Courses General courses Tutorials Community Resources Projects AlgoKit Community Templates Development & Tools Language SDKs & Tools Smart Contract Development CLI IDEs Testing & Debugging Deployment & Environment Wallets & Asset Interaction Wallet Providers Wallet Development Blockchain Explorers Portfolio Trackers Name Services Infrastructure & Ecosystem Services Nodes & Consensus Participation Blockchain Bridges Oracles Security Auditing Services Metrics and Analytics Services SSI, DID and Verifiable Credentials AI and Machine Learning Application Platforms & Examples DeFi Platforms NFT Marketplaces Subscription Management Decentralized voting Standards Algorand Request for Comments Core Resources Official Resources Official resources for Algorand. Algorand - Official website. Algorand Foundation - Official website of the Foundation. Algorand FAQ - FAQ maintained by the Algorand Foundation. Algorand Governance - Official website of Algorand Governance program. Algorand Developer Portal - Official Algorand developer portal. Algorand Discord - Official Algorand Discord server. AlgoKit AlgoKit is the official one-stop shop tool for developers building on the Algorand network. Maintained by the Algorand Foundation. algokit-cli - The Algorand AlgoKit CLI is the one-stop shop tool for developers building on the Algorand network. algokit-lora - Lora is a powerful visual tool designed to streamline the Algorand local development experience. It acts as both a network explorer and a tool for building and testing your Algorand applications. AlgoKit Docs - Official Algorand AlgoKit documentation. algokit-utils-py - Algorand AlgoKit Utils for Python. algokit-utils-ts - Algorand AlgoKit Utils for TypeScript. algokit-client-generator-py - Algorand AlgoKit Typed Client Generator for Python. algokit-client-generator-ts - Algorand AlgoKit Typed Client Generator for TypeScript. puya - An official Python to TEAL compiler that allows you to write code to execute on the Algorand Virtual Machine (AVM) with Python syntax. puya-ts - An official TypeScript to TEAL compiler frontend, leveraging the core puya compiler, allows you to write code to execute on the Algorand Virtual Machine (AVM) with TypeScript syntax. algorand-python-testing - A Python library for unit testing Algorand Python smart contracts without the need to interact with the Algorand blockchain. algorand-typescript-testing - A TypeScript library for unit testing Algorand smart contracts without the need to interact with the Algorand blockchain. algokit-avm-vscode-debugger - A VSCode extension for line-by-line debugging Algorand Python, Algorand Typescript, TealScript and raw TEAL smart contracts running on the Algorand Virtual Machine (AVM). AlgoKit Templates AlgoKit templates are a set of starter and production-ready baseline templates for developing and deploying Algorand applications. They are designed to be used as a starting point for developers to quickly bootstrap their projects and focus on the business logic of their applications. Refer to Creating AlgoKit Templates for a general guide on how to create your own AlgoKit templates. algokit-python-template - Official AlgoKit's Algorand Python template provides a production-ready baseline for developing and deploying smart contracts in Python. algokit-typescript-template - Official AlgoKit's Algorand TypeScript template provides a production-ready baseline for developing and deploying smart contracts in TypeScript. algokit-react-frontend-template - Official AlgoKit React frontend template provides a production-ready baseline for developing and deploying React frontend applications with Algorand dependencies integrated. Also serves as a reference for template builders on implementing standalone algokit frontend templates. algokit-fullstack-template - Official AlgoKit fullstack template provides a production-ready baseline for developing and deploying fullstack applications with Algorand dependencies integrated. Also serves as a reference for template builders on how to combine standalone algokit templates under one full stack template project. Learning Resources List of learning resources for Algorand. Includes courses, tutorials, and other resources. Crash Courses Algorand School - Algorand School crash course slide deck. Zero to Hero PyTeal - PyTeal crash course video lectures. Algorand, efficient self-sustaining blockchain - Proof of Stake Blockchain Efficiency Framework. Algorand Efficiency - Understanding Algorand's working principles and its efficiency. Introduction to AVM and Applications - Introduction to the Algorand Virtual Machine architecture and Algorand Smart Contracts (aka Applications). Introduction to PyTeal - Introduction to PyTeal, a Python framework to develop Smart Contract on Algorand (with @matteojug). PyTeal ABI Smart Contracts - Using PyTeal to develop ABI-compliant Smart Contracts on Algorand. Final live coding section (with @deanste). Beaker - Framework for Algorand Smart Contract development, client and testing based on PyTeal. Live coding session (with @HGKimChris). Dissecting Algorand - Introduction Algorand and an analysis on Algorand's inner workings. General courses Please note these are intended for absolute beginners interested in foundational knowledge relatable to all blockchain systems. Building a theoretical understanding of the domain of Blockchain protocols is an important prerequisite that can significantly amplify your learning about Algorand technology. Foundations of Blockchains - A video course by Tim Roughgarden a Professor of Computer Science at Columbia University highlighting the fundamental principles, concepts and properties of Blockchain protocols. Tutorials Lending pool using Reach - Tutorial on how to build a lending pool using the Reach language. Creating a License Manager Contract - Tutorial on utilizing PyTEAL and Inner Transactions. Stateless session management with the Pera wallet - Pera Wallet connection example with Nextjs and Redux. AlgoMinter - Build your web app for minting assets using Python, AlgoSigner, and Anvil Platform. Getting Started with Django, Python, and Algorand - Tutorial from algorand developer portal. MultiSig with Algorand for Co-operative Groups - Decentralised co-operative unions with Algorand Multisignature Account. Adding Notes to Transactions - Read and Write to the Transaction Note Field with Python. Create Assets with a Stateful Smart Contract - Using Stateful Smart Contract To Create Algorand Standard Asset. Artificial Intelligence on Algorand - Tutorial on using machine learning to predict the transaction volume of the USDC stablecoin on the Algorand blockchain. Community Resources The following contains sections related to open source projects, utilities, and news resources. Projects A list of open source projects, blogs, websites that are built on top of Algorand. arc3.xyz - Dapp that can be used to mint ARC3 compliant NFTs. Auction Demo - On-chain NFT auction using smart contracts. Algorand Session Wallet - Session wallet to allow persisted wallet connections across multiple wallets. AlgoWorld-Contracts - Collection of all smart contracts used by AlgoWorld, written in PyTeal. AlgoWorld-Swapper - Free and trustless ASA swapper, powered by Algorand Smart Signatures. WalletConnect Example DApp - Algorand WalletConnect demo. TinyBar App - A tiny macOS menu bar app for tracking ASA prices from TinyMan. algonim - First Algorand mini-puzzle-game. Written in Python+PyTEAL by @cusma. algorealm - Claim the Crown and the Sceptre of Algorand Realm! Written in Python+PyTEAL by @cusma. algorealm-ui - A web CLI Emulator version of algorealm cli game by @aorumbayev. minter - Bulk mint Algorand NFTs following the ARC-69 community standard. Written in Node.js by @fish.exe. algovanity - Algorand Vanity Address Generator from Ripe. galvanity - Galvanity is Algorand vanity address generator written in Go. genpyteal - Generate PyTeal from (mostly) normal Python. AgorHash - Public, permissionless, decentralized and uncensorable free speech protocol. QRCode Generator - Uinversal QRCode generator module for Algorand ARC-26 URIs. algofractals - Mint randomly generated mandelbrot fractals with embedded ARC69 tags. (Archived on Dec 31, 2023) algorewards - Free and unofficial Algorand governance reward calculator. Hosted on GitHub Pages. Pipeline-UI - A React.js based component library for rapid deployment of Algorand Dapps. STOI - Song ownership gone decentralized via microDAOs. AlgoTables - A suite of tools designed to aid everyday hodlers of ALGO who participate in the Algorand ecosystem. AlgoPing - A tiny cron job that issues a tweet if public Algorand Nodes (AlgoExplorer, AlgoNode and etc) are not healthy. directorydotalgo - Algorand's unofficial ecosystem directory of projects. staketaxcsv - Python backend for stake.tax that generates taxable transactions CSVs for Algorand and other blockchains. Automated Prediction Market Maker on Algorand - backend repository with project hosted at algoAMM.com. AlgoDepo - Single Deposit App Algorand. AlgoDeposit - AMM Pool App Algorand. AlgoKit Community Templates AlgoKit community templates are a set of starter and production-ready baseline templates for developing and deploying Algorand applications created by the projects and individuals in the Algorand community. algokit-tealish-template - AlgoKit community template for quick starting a smart contract project with tealish and algojig. algokit-goracle-template - Algokit community template for quick starting a smart contract project interacting with goracle. algokit-subtopia-template - Algokit community template for quick starting a dapp frontend project interacting with Subtopia platform. Development & Tools Awesome client libraries, tools, and community utilities for development. Language SDKs & Tools Awesome client libraries, tools, and community utilities sorted by the language of implementation. C/C++ vertices-algorand-sdk - The Vertices SDK provides developers with easy device access to interact with Blockchains. unreal-algorand-sdk - Official Unreal Engine plugin for Algorand Blockchain Platform. cplusplus-algorand-sdk - Algorand C++ SDK: This repo is providing C++ sdk on algorand chain. Dart dart-algorand-sdk - Dart Algorand SDK. Go go-algorand - Algorand's official implementation in Go. go-algorand-sdk - The Algorand Golang SDK. conduit - Algorand's data pipeline framework. PHP php-algorand-sdk - Algorand PHP SDK created by @ffsolutions. algorand-php - Algorand PHP SDK created by @RootSoft. Python py-algorand-sdk - The Algorand Python SDK. tinyman-py-sdk - Tinyman Python SDK. smart-asa - Smart ASA PyTeal reference implementation based on ARC-20. JavaScript & TypeScript js-algorand-sdk - The Algorand JavaScript SDK & Examples. algo-builder - Framework to automate development of Algorand Assets and Smart Contracts. algo-builder-templates - Dapps templates for Algo Builder. algonaut.js - An easier Algo sdk for front-end dapps (typescript). perawallet-connect - JavaScript SDK for integrating Pera Wallet to web applications. defly-connect - JavaScript SDK for integrating Defly Wallet to web applications. subtopia-js - Subtopia JavaScript SDK providing convenient interfaces to interact with Subtopia platform. Java java-algorand-sdk - The Algorand Java SDK. .NET dotnet-algorand-sdk - Algorand .NET SDK created by @RileyGe. unity-algorand-sdk - An Algorand SDK for Unity. Use the Algorand blockchain in your video game. unity-algorand-sdk-based-on-net-sdk - Quick and dirty Unity SDK based on .NET Algorand SDK by RileyGe. dotnet-alogrand-sdk (2) - Algorand .NET SDK maintained by @FrankSzendzielarz. dotnet-tinyman-sdk - Tinyman .NET SDK. dotnet-yieldly-sdk - Yieldly .NET SDK. powershell-algorand-module - Algorand PowerShell Module. Rust rust-algorand-sdk - Rust Algorand SDK. Swift algorand-wallet - Algorand wallet official implementation in Swift. swift-algorand-sdk - A Swift SDK for interacting with the Algorand Blockchain. Ruby TEALrb - A Ruby DSL for writing Algorand smart contracts. (Archived on Jan 22, 2023) Smart Contract Development Languages & Compilers pyteal - Algorand Smart Contracts in Python. reach - A domain-specific language for building cross chain decentralized applications (DApps). aqua-compiler - An expressive high level language for the Algorand block chain that compiles to TEAL code. algoml - A domain-specific language for specifying Algorand smart contracts, which compiles into TEAL scripts. tealang - A high level language for Algorand ASC1 and TEAL. tealish - Tealish is a readable language for the Algorand Virtual Machine. It enables developers to write TEAL in a procedural style optimized for readability. TEALScript - Enables Algorand smart contract development with native TypeScript syntax, tooling, and IDE support. Frameworks & Utilities beaker - A tool for smart contract development on the Algorand blockchain. Inspired by flask. pyteal-utils - PyTEAL utilities library. avm-semantics - Algorand Virtual Machine and TEAL Semantics in K framework. Aids with testing and formal verification of smart contracts. d-asa - Debt Algorand Standard Application providing reference implementations and interfaces for tokenizing debt instruments (bonds, loans, commercial papers) that conform to ACTUS standards. CLI AlgoRun - Simple CLI utility for setting up and starting Algorand MainNet participation node. IDEs Awesome client libraries, tools, community plugins and integrations for IDEs. vim vim-algorand-teal - Minimalistic syntax highlight for Algorand's TEAL Smart Contract language to vim. IntelliJ algoDEA - Algorand IntelliJ Plugin. VSCode Obsidian Labs/vscode-algorand - Algorand VS Code Extension. optio-labs/teal-debugger-extension - Debug teal with minimal AVM configuration inside VSCode. Visual Studio Algorand Visual Studio Extension - Visual Studio extensions for C# TEAL compilation and Algorand Smart Contract development. Testing & Debugging graviton - Algorand's TEAL blackbox testing toolkit. tealer - Static TEAL analyser with a set of vulnerability detectors for quick contracts reviews. irulan - Web app for deploying + testing smart contracts (open source! + PRs welcome). algojig - A tool for testing Algorand smart contracts. tealinspector - Quick and easy TEAL code debugging by Hipo labs. Deployment & Environment Algorand Sandbox - Fast way to create and configure an Algorand development environment. Algorand Sandbox Dev - Docker Hub image for faster local development and CI/CD usage. (Archived on Jan 2, 2024) Official Algod Container - Algod Docker Hub image from Algorand Inc. Official Conduit Container - Conduit Docker Hub image from Algorand Inc. Wallets & Asset Interaction Wallet Providers List of wallet providers for Algorand. Please note that this list is not exhaustive and is not an endorsement of any wallet provider. ⚠️ Given the attacks on MyAlgo wallet users, related sdk has been excluded from the list. Pera Wallet - Secure, open source and community driven wallet for both mobile and desktop devices. Maintained by the team behind official Algorand Wallet. Method Wallet - Algorand Wallet you'll love. Defly Wallet - Defly is an Algorand wallet with great suit of integrated DeFi features. Exodus - Exodus is a multi-cryptocurrency wallet that supports Algorand. A-Wallet - AWallet is an open source, HTML only, corporate friendly, and secure Algorand wallet. Liquid Auth - Liquid Auth is a self-hosted authentication service that provides a simple way to associate Passkeys to KeyPair(s) commonly found in cryptocurrencies. In addition to authentication, Liquid Auth provides a Peer to Peer signaling service. Not only can you authenticate users, but you can also establish secure connections between them. Wallet Development use-wallet - React hooks for using Algorand compatible wallets with web applications. Developed by txnlab. use-wallet-js - TypeScript library for integrating Algorand wallets into decentralized applications. rsagg - A Rust library for GPU accelerated Algorand 'vanity' address generation. Blockchain Explorers List of blockchain explorers for Algorand. Used to view transactions, accounts, assets, etc. Allo - Allo is a blockchain explorer for all of Algorand created by Nodely. NFTExplorer - Algorand Standard Asset (ASA) explorer built by @TomassoAE and JoshLmao. Pera Explorer - Algorand Accounts, Standard Asset (ASA) explorer built by Pera Wallet Algorand Ballet - Algorand accounts' 2D graphs. Algorand Multiverse - Algorand accounts' 3D graphs. Asalytic - Analyze the Algorand NFT space. AlgoSurf - Algorand Network Explorer (supports LocalNet in localhost). Bitquery - Actionable, insightful blockchain GraphQL APIs for more than 30 blockchains. One of the highlighted features is the ability to query a list of Algorand block proposers. Portfolio Trackers List of portfolio trackers for Algorand. Aids in tracking the value of your assets. CompX - Track or search assets, rewards, yield farming, transactions, and NFTs on the Algorand blockchain anywhere and anytime. Formerly Algogator.Finance. ASA Stats - One-stop portfolio tracker used to summarize Algorand asset valuations from up to five wallet addresses. Name Services A list of name services that allow for human-readable addresses. NFDomains - Algorand name service and marketplace for Non-Fungible Domains (NFDs) — unique, readable aliases for wallet addresses. Infrastructure & Ecosystem Services Nodes & Consensus Participation Algorand - The Undocumented Docs - Dev Notes for Archival Node, Indexer Setup (and more). Nodely - Free Node/Indexer APIs, Node running FAQ, Node/Indexer daily snapshots. Algorand Node UI - Terminal UI for remote Algorand node management. SubQuery - Open, fast, flexible, and decentralised cross-chain data indexer for Algorand (getting started guide). AlloCTRL - A simple, open source, dashboard to help managing your node and participation keys safely, from your local machine. TxnLab/reti - Provides contracts, a Node Daemon, and a UI for Algorand 'The Reti' consensus incentives, facilitating the creation of decentralized staking pools on the Algorand network to promote broader participation and enhance network security through diversification. Blockchain Bridges This provides a list of bridges that allow for cross-chain transfers of assets between Algorand and other blockchains. Algomint - Centralized BTC and ETH bridge to Algorand. XP.network - Centralized cross-chain NFT bridge. ptokens - pNetwork Officially Launched Cross-Chain Bridges for Algorand. Messina - The ALGO — ETH two-way Messina.one's Bridge will open the doors for interoperability between Ethereum and ERC-20 tokens with Algorand. Oracles A list of oracle solutions that allow for smart contracts to interact with the real world. Gora - Decentralized oracle networks that connect the Algorand blockchain with the real world. Security Auditing Services This section is not aimed to promote any of the companies below, please do your due diligence when researching on options available for audits. Instead, the following is simply aimed to highlight an expanding variety of companies offering smart contract audits for Algorand ecosystem. Certik - CertiK provides the gold standard in web3 security tools, from its industry-leading smart contract audits, to its blockchain analytics tools such as Skynet and SkyTrace, making it the ideal partner in ensuring the end-to-end security of Algorand projects. AlgoBuilder Audits - The team behind AlgoBuilder offering to consult your project, have smart contracts done by professionals, write automated tests or audit your existing project. UlamLabs - A blockchain lab based in Poland, offering auditing services for Algorand smart contracts. Runtime Verification - Smart contract analysis and verification by the team who audited platforms like Algofi, FolksFinance, Yieldly and other prominent DeFi platforms in the ecosystem. Immunebytes - Secure your Algorand Smart Contract with credible security auditing solutions. KudelskiSecurity - Move your blockchain project securely and successfully into production or onto mainnet. Company can help you assess, design, customize, deploy and manage blockchain and digital ledger technology systems so you can confidently leverage security as a powerful differentiator in this dynamic market. algorand-ecosystem-audits - A growing collection of audit reports in the Algorand ecosystem maintained by blockshake-io. Vantage Point Blockchain - Smart contract audits, crypto wallet audit and other penetration testing services in Algorand ecosystem with clients such as Folks.Finance, Pera, Algorand Foundation, Deflex (Defly/Alammex), GARD, Venue.One and others. Reports are signed by velocity.vantagepoint.algo and published at https://github.com/vantagepointreports/releases. Tenset Security - Comprising a team of Web3 Security Researchers, Tenset Security is dedicated to leaving no stone unturned in their pursuit of security excellence. They have a proven track record of success in discovering high-severity vulnerabilities specifically within Algorand projects, emphasizing their expertise and commitment to the Algorand ecosystem. Metrics and Analytics Services Metrics and analytics services for Algorand. Algorand MainNet metrics - Dashboard that measures the current scale, security, decentralization, and adoption of the open-source Algorand protocol. Metrika - Algorand network performance and account monitor. Allo Metrics - Algorand MainNet in numbers. SSI, DID and Verifiable Credentials A list of W3C decentralized identifiers, verifiable credentials and Self sovereign identity service projects. GoPlausible - Provides PLAUSIBLE protocol, A W3C DIDs, Verifiable Credentials and Utility NFTs protocol built on Algorand, as well as ThisDID Universal W3C DID/URI resolver. AI and Machine Learning A list of AI, ML and Data Science projects that leverage Algorand. Algorand-GPT - An Algorand Assistant Expert with access to all Algorand documentation and chain data built on OpenAI's ChatGPT platform by GoPlausible. DID-GPT - A W3C DID resolver assistant built on OpenAI's ChatGPT platform by GoPlausible. Application Platforms & Examples DeFi Platforms Awesome DeFi platforms and protocols on Algorand. Please note that this list is not aimed to promote any specific project, but rather to provide a comprehensive overview of the ecosystem. Do your own research before investing or using any of the projects listed here. Tinyman - A decentralized trading protocol, AMM and platform. Pact - Decentralised Automated Market Maker (AMM) built on the Algorand protocol. Lofty.ai - Tokenized real estate investing platform. Folks.finance - Decentralized capital markets protocol. C3 - Cross-margin cross-collateralization clearing engine protocol. Cometa.farm - Decentralized liquidity-as-a-service. aramid.finance - A Decentralized Cross-Chain Protocol supporitng Algorand, Polygon, Ethereum and other EVM chains. stabilitas.finance - Stable and secure digital assets for various purposes such as purchases, remittances and as a store of value. vestige.fi - A decentralized ecosystem of tools primary used as a tool to track and trend Algorand Standard Assets and Liquidity Pools across the ecosystem. The platform also provides a decentralized swap and a launchpad platform. NFT Marketplaces Awesome NFT marketplaces and galleries on Algorand. Rand Gallery - Algorand Standard Asset (ASA) explorer and marketplace developed by Chris Antaki. AlgoGems - Algorand Standard Asset (ASA) markeplace and trading platform for NFT collectors. AlgoMart - Opensource NFT marketplace whitelabel solution. ALGOxNFT - NFT gallery and marketplace. Dartroom - Decentralized NFT explorer, minting and trading. Alchemon - Monster-collecting NFT card game. Musa - Music, Art & Fashion NFT gallery and marketplace. Flatter - NFT art and collectible marketplace. Subscription Management Awesome subscription management platforms on Algorand. Please note that this list is not aimed to promote any specific project, but rather to provide a comprehensive overview of the ecosystem. Do your own research before investing or using any of the projects listed here. Subtopia - Decentralized subscription management platform for dApp creators and platform on Algorand. Manage and own your subscription infrastructure, setup flexible plans, discounts and get paid in Algo or any ASA token. Created by @aorumbayev. Decentralized voting Tools for on-chain voting powered by Algorand nft_voting_tool - Official voting tool by Algorand Foundation. The repository contains a voting tool that allows for creation and facilitation of immutable, tamperproof voting using the Algorand blockchain. vote-coin-demo - Decentralized message standard for on-chain voting on Algorand developed by @scholtz. Standards Algorand Request for Comments Standards and specs defined in finalized ARCs. The list of all the ARCs can be found here. ARC3 - Official Algorand Standard Asset Parameters Conventions for Fungible and Non-Fungible Tokens. ARC4 - Application Binary Interface. ARC32 - Application Specification. ARC56 - Extended and improved Application Specification. ARC69 - One of several Algorand Standard Asset Parameters Conventions. Contributing Contributions welcome! Read the contribution guidelines first. Special thanks to everyone who forked or starred the repository ❤️ About ⚡A curated list of awesome resources related to the Ⱥlgorand Blockchain ⛓ awesomealgo.com Topics awesome cryptography ai dapp ipfs smart-contracts blockchain cryptocurrency awesome-list gpt web3 teal blockchain-technology algorand defi dapp-development algorand-blockchain algorand-standard-assets pyteal algorand-smart-contract Resources Readme License View license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Custom properties Stars 199 stars Watchers 7 watching Forks 61 forks Report repository Releases 1 tags Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 40 + 26 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.