GitHub - tayllan/awesome-algorithms: A curated list of awesome places to learn and/or practice algorithms. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert tayllan / awesome-algorithms Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 2.8k Star 22.3k A curated list of awesome places to learn and/or practice algorithms. 22.3k stars 2.8k forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights tayllan/awesome-algorithms masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History272 CommitsCONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEAwesome Algorithms A curated list of awesome places to learn and/or practice algorithms. Inspired by awesome-awesomeness and all the other awesome Awesome libraries. If you want to contribute, please read the contribution guidelines. Awesome Algorithms Websites YouTube Playlists Online Courses Books Cheat Sheets Github Libraries Online Judges Tools Websites Websites you should use to learn classic algorithms A Visual Guide to Graph Traversal Algorithms - Interactive visualizations for learning how graph traversal algorithms work. W3School - Data Structures tutorial. CodeChef - Learning DSA by practice on Codechef Algorithm Visualizer - Dozens of animated algorithms (with code), and you can also create your own. Algorithms Visualization - A dense article on Algorithms Visualization. Big-O Cheat Sheet - Big-O complexities of common algorithms used in Computer Science. Code-Drills - Practice problems recommender (includes Codeforces, Codechef, and Spoj). CP-Algorithms - Algorithms and data structures are especially popular in the field of competitive programming. Data Structure Visualizations - Visualize the behavior of Data Structures and play with its operations. Geeks for Geeks - Lots and lots of well-explained and implemented algorithms. Path Finding - A visual representation of how algorithms such as A*, IDA*, Breadth-First-Search, Best-First-Search, and others describe a path between two points A and B. Programiz - Easy to follow tutorials on data structures and algorithms along with suitable examples. Rosetta Code - A programming chrestomathy site that aims to present implementations of many algorithms and data structures in different programming languages. Sorting Algorithms - Nice and simple animations of sorting algorithms. With short codes and discussions. Stoimen's web log - Some algorithms nicely explained. The Sound of Sorting - The Sound of Sorting - "Audibilization" and Visualization of Sorting Algorithms VisuAlgo - Visualising data structures and algorithms through animation. Wikipedia - Algorithms - Of course!! Wikipedia - Data Structures - and why not ?!! Learnersbucket - Tutorials on data structures and algorithms in Javascript. redblobgames - interactive visual explanations of math and algorithms, using motivating examples from computer games. Youtube Playlists High Quality Courses and tutorials on youtube Tim Roughgarden. Algorithms Illuminated - Tim Roughgarden, a pioneer of computer science, offers a companion to his book, with lecture videos and slides. FreeCodeCamp - Algorithms and Data Structures Tutorial - Full Course for Beginners - Complete beginner friendly Algorithms and Data Structures Tutorial with mindblowing animation. Abdul Bari - Introduction to Algorithm - This playlist is so much informative and provide simulation with code example. As like as you are in a class. Jenny's Lectures- Algorithm - Another complete algorithm playlist from basic level to intermediate. Easy explanation and simulation. Online Courses Free and High-Quality Courses Online Algorithms: Divide and Conquer, Sorting and Searching, and Randomized Algorithms - The primary topics are: asymptotic ("Big-oh") notation, sorting and searching, divide and conquer, and randomized algorithms. Algorithms: Graph Search, Shortest Paths, and Data Structures - The primary topics are: data structures, graph primitives, and their applications. Algorithms: Greedy Algorithms, Minimum Spanning Trees, and Dynamic Programming - The primary topics are: greedy algorithms and dynamic programming. Algorithms: Shortest Paths Revisited, NP-Complete Problems and What To Do About Them - The primary topics are: shortest paths, NP-completeness and what it means for the algorithm designer, and strategies for coping with computationally intractable problems. Algorithms, Part I - This course covers the essential information that every serious programmer needs to know about algorithms and data structures. Part I covers elementary data structures, sorting, and searching algorithms. Algorithms, Part II - Part II focuses on graph- and string-processing algorithms. Khan Academy Algorithms - Algorithm course ministered by Tomas Cormen and Devin Balkcom. MIT - 6-006 - Well explained algorithms. MIT - 6-046j - Similar to the previous one, but with different algorithms. MIT - 6-00sc - An easy and well-explained introduction to algorithms. MIT 18-409 - Topics in Theoretical Computer Science: An Algorithmist's Toolkit - It covers a collection of geometric techniques that apply broadly in modern algorithm design. Udacity Intro to Algorithms - Python-based Algorithms course. Algorithms in Motion - Beginner's algorithms course with fun illustrations, based on the book Grokking Algorithms YogiBearian YouTube Channel - Lots of well-explained videos on various computer science subjects. Account terminated due to violations of Youtube Policies. Books The most highly regarded books to learn algorithms Algorithms and Data structures Algorithm Design - Pretty straightforward. Algorithms - Problems explained with Java, OO good practices, visualizations, and free online resources. Algorithms and Data Structures in JavaScript - Classical algorithms and data structures implemented and explained using JavaScript. Algorithms in a Nutshell - by George T. Heineman. Classic Computer Science Problems in Python -This great book presents dozens of coding challenges, ranging from simple tasks to clustering data using k-means. Data Structures and Algorithms Made Easy - A great way to implement algorithms with their specific programmable tasks. Data Structures Using C - The basic concepts and usages of data structures. Elementary Algorithms - An awesome book about algorithms and data structures. Grokking Algorithms - An illustrated book on algorithms with practical examples. Introduction to Algorithms - Essential! Real World Algorithms: A Beginner's Guide - An introduction to algorithms for readers with no background in advanced mathematics or computer science. Swift Algorithms & Data Structures - A practical guide to concepts, theory, and code. The Algorithm Design Manual - Easy to read and full of real-world examples. The Art of Computer Programming - The Book. Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs Advanced Algorithms and Data Structures - A different and a great way to introduce algorithms and data structures that can be used at work. Algorithmic Puzzles - A very accessible illustration of algorithms in the forms of puzzles. No programming experience is required! Standford CS166 - Standford CS166, a course in the design, analysis, and implementation of data structures. Grokking Data Structures - Grokking Data Structures carefully guides you from the most basic data structures like arrays or linked lists all the way to powerful structures like graphs. It’s perfect for beginners. Algorithm Analysis Sedgewick & Flajolet. An Introduction to the Analysis of Algorithm - Am advanced complete survey, intended only for the mathematically matured reader. McConnell. Analysis of Algorithms - A very accessible and brief book on algorithms analysis, with implemented code included. Vrajitoru & Knight. Practical Analysis of Algorithms - A very accessible and brief book on algorithms analysis, with implemented code included. Randomized Algorithms Motwani & Raghavan. Randomized Algorithms - A standard classic book. Mitzenmacher & Upfal. Probability and Computing: Randomization and Probabilistic Techniques in Algorithms and Data Analysis - Standard text for probability methods and their applications on randomized algorithms. Cheat Sheets Tech Interview Cheat Sheet Princeton DS Cheat Sheet CLRS in short Rice university DS course in short Useful Reddit thread Algo Deck - An open-source collection of +200 algorithmic cards. Github Libraries Implementations of the most classic algorithms in a wide variety of programming languages C by @fragglet by @TheAlgorithms CoffeeScript C# by @shkolovy by @aalhour by @justcoding121 C++ by @xtaci by @PetarV- by @faheel by @sslotin Erlang Go by @arnauddri by @floyernick Java by @jpa99 by @phishman3579 by @asmolich by @psjava by @jeandersonbc by @pedrovgs by @Erdos-Graph-Framework by @deepak-malik by @yusufcakal by @FarheenB JavaScript by @jiayihu by @felipernb by @nzakas by @duereg by @mgechev by @trekhleb by @ManrajGrover by @amejiarosario by @zonayedpca Lua by @evandrolg Objective-C by @ EvgenyKarkan PHP by @TheAlgorithms Python by @nryoung by @prakhar1989 by @laurentluce by @nbro by @keon by @vinta Ruby by @kanwei by @sagivo by @kumar91gopi Scala Swift by @kingreza by @waynewbishop by @hollance Language agnostic by @kennyledet by @indy256 by @sagivo by @patmorin by @btjanaka Online Judges Online Judges to practice what you learned above A2 Online Judge - Online Judge and problem archive. ACM-ICPC Live Archive - Hundreds of problems from previous ACM-ICPC Regionals and World Finals. AIZU ONLINE JUDGE - A Japanese online judge from the University of Aizu, offering a wide range of algorithmic challenges. Algo Muse - Research-based algorithmic problems. AtCoder - Japanese programming contest website. Baekjoon Online Judge - Korean Online Judge. 10000+ problems. Supports 60+ languages. Beecrowd - The Largest Competitive Programming and Online Code Judgement Platform in Latin America. CS Academy - Holds online contests and IOI practice contests CodeChef - More problems and monthly online contests. Codeforces - The only programming contests Web 2.0 platform Codefights - Practice programming and tackle your next tech interview CodeMarshal - Real-world contests online! CodeWars - A website that houses support to solve algorithms in many languages in varying difficulty. CoderByte - A decent website with algorithm challenges from beginner to advanced levels. Supports most of the popular languages like C++, python, javascript, ruby. Firecode - Firecode.io uses machine learning algorithms along with curated real-world interview questions, solutions & a vibrant social community of learners to get you ready for your next coding interview. Coding Blocks - Website that has problems based on Maths, Data Structures, Various Algorithm and also conducts Coding Competition. HackerEarth - Practice algorithmic problems & challenges and participate in hiring challenges. HackerRank - Featured algorithm and functional programming online judges HiHoCoder - Chinese and English problem-solving practice and recruitment challenge site. Infoarena - Romanian Online Judge. 1500+ algorithmic problems Interviewbit - Learn, practice, and prepare for interviews. Kattis- Online judge and problem archive LavidaOnlineJudge - Korean Online Judge(Half English). 1300+ problems. Learneroo Algorithms Tutorials - Learn and practice algorithms by solving challenges online. LeetCode - Learn algorithms and prepare for interviews. Paiza - A Japanese platform offering coding challenges and career preparation. PKU JudgeOnline - Chinese Online Judge. ProjectEuler - Mathematical problems that can be solved using algorithms (or just a pencil, depending on how much you already know). Rosalind - A platform for learning bioinformatics and programming through problem-solving. ShareCode.io - Online Judge and contest host with a lot of algorithmic problems in the archive to practice. Snakify - An introductory Python course with 100+ algorithmic problems and a step-by-step debugger (from Russia). SPOJ - More problems. TopCoder - Lots of problems and real-world/money-worthy problems in Graphic Design, Data Science, and Development. Toph - Bangladeshi Online Judge. Holds online contests regularly. URI - Brazilian Online Judge. Not so many problems, but it's growing and it has online contests. UVA - Hundreds of problems (from previous ACM-ICPC Regionals, World Finals, and others). Codility - Compete to land coding jobs at top companies Blogs Awesome list of blogs, mainly for competitive programming but you can refer to these when learning a new topic/algorithm An awesome list for competitive programming! - Awesome blog for all the resources and list of books and algorithms. Algorithms Weekly - A good blog by Petr Mitrichev, mainly in Java. Sport of Programming - Informative blog for starting with the sport of programming. Algorithms and Data Structures - For getting a deeper knowledge of algorithms and how to think in the right direction. Algorithm Tutorials by Tanuj Khattar - Excellent blog by Tanuj Khattar. Covers tutorials on some interesting data structures along with example problems to solve. Tools Some tools that can help you in the learning of algorithms interactive-coding-challenges - Interactive, test-driven coding challenges (algorithms and data structures). Related Awesome Lists Math - Freely available lecture notes on mathematics. Theoretical Computer Science - The interdisciplinary of Mathematics and Computer Science, Distinguished by its emphasis on mathematical technique and rigour. License And for the sake of copyleft, here's our license: This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. About A curated list of awesome places to learn and/or practice algorithms. Resources Readme Activity Stars 22.3k stars Watchers 617 watching Forks 2.8k forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 85 + 71 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.