GitHub - paragonie/awesome-appsec: A curated list of resources for learning about application security Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert paragonie / awesome-appsec Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 753 Star 6.5k A curated list of resources for learning about application security paragonie.com/projects License MIT license 6.5k stars 753 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 11 Pull requests 16 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights paragonie/awesome-appsec masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History137 Commitsdatadata imgimg srcsrc templatetemplate CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEMIT licenseAwesome AppSec A curated list of resources for learning about application security. Contains books, websites, blog posts, and self-assessment quizzes. Maintained by Paragon Initiative Enterprises with contributions from the application security and developer communities. We also have other community projects which might be useful for tomorrow's application security experts. If you are an absolute beginner to the topic of software security, you may benefit from reading A Gentle Introduction to Application Security. Contributing Please refer to the contributing guide for details. Application Security Learning Resources General Articles How to Safely Generate a Random Number (2014) Salted Password Hashing - Doing it Right (2014) A good idea with bad usage: /dev/urandom (2014) Why Invest in Application Security? (2015) Be wary of one-time pads and other crypto unicorns (2015) Books Web Application Hacker's Handbook (2011) Cryptography Engineering (2010) Securing DevOps (2018) Gray Hat Python: Programming for Hackers and Reverse Engineers (2009) The Art of Software Security Assessment: Identifying and Preventing Software Vulnerabilities (2006) C Interfaces and Implementations: Techniques for Creating Reusable Software (1996) Reversing: Secrets of Reverse Engineering (2005) JavaScript: The Good parts (2008) Windows Internals: Including Windows Server 2008 and Windows Vista, Fifth Edition (2007) The Mac Hacker's Handbook (2009) The IDA Pro Book: The Unofficial Guide to the World's Most Popular Disassembler (2008) Internetworking with TCP/IP Vol. II: ANSI C Version: Design, Implementation, and Internals (3rd Edition) (1998) Network Algorithmics,: An Interdisciplinary Approach to Designing Fast Networked Devices (2004) Computation Structures (MIT Electrical Engineering and Computer Science) (1989) Surreptitious Software: Obfuscation, Watermarking, and Tamperproofing for Software Protection (2009) Secure Programming HOWTO (2015) Security Engineering - Third Edition (2020) Bulletproof SSL and TLS (2014) Holistic Info-Sec for Web Developers (Fascicle 0) (2016) Holistic Info-Sec for Web Developers (Fascicle 1) Classes Offensive Computer Security (CIS 4930) FSU Hack Night Websites Hack This Site! Enigma Group Web App Sec Quiz SecurePasswords.info Security News Feeds Cheat-Sheet Open Security Training MicroCorruption The Matasano Crypto Challenges PentesterLab Juice Shop Supercar Showdown OWASP NodeGoat Securing The Stack OWASP ServerlessGoat SecDim Blogs Crypto Fails NCC Group - Blog Scott Helme Cossack Labs blog (2018) Wiki pages OWASP Top Ten Project Tools Qualys SSL Labs securityheaders.io report-uri.io clickjacker.io AWS Lambda Tools PureSec FunctionShield Android Books and ebooks SEI CERT Android Secure Coding Standard (2015) C Books and ebooks SEI CERT C Coding Standard (2006) Defensive Coding: A Guide to Improving Software Security by the Fedora Security Team (2025) C++ Books and ebooks SEI CERT C++ Coding Standard (2006) C Sharp Books and ebooks Security Driven .NET (2015) Clojure Repositories Clojure OWASP (2020) Go Articles Memory Security in Go - spacetime.dev (2017) Java Books and ebooks SEI CERT Java Coding Standard (2007) Secure Coding Guidelines for Java SE (2014) Node.js Articles Node.js Security Checklist - Rising Stack Blog (2015) Awesome Electron.js hacking & pentesting resources (2020) Books and ebooks Essential Node.js Security (2017) Training Security Training by ^Lift Security Security Training from BinaryMist PHP Articles It's All About Time (2014) Secure Authentication in PHP with Long-Term Persistence (2015) 20 Point List For Preventing Cross-Site Scripting In PHP (2013) 25 PHP Security Best Practices For Sys Admins (2011) PHP data encryption primer (2014) Preventing SQL Injection in PHP Applications - the Easy and Definitive Guide (2014) You Wouldn't Base64 a Password - Cryptography Decoded (2015) A Guide to Secure Data Encryption in PHP Applications (2015) The 2018 Guide to Building Secure PHP Software (2017) Books and ebooks Securing PHP: Core Concepts Using Libsodium in PHP Projects Useful libraries defuse/php-encryption ircmaxell/password_compat ircmaxell/RandomLib thephpleague/oauth2-server paragonie/random_compat psecio/gatekeeper openwall/phpass Websites websec.io Blogs Paragon Initiative Enterprises Blog ircmaxell's blog Pádraic Brady's Blog Mailing lists Securing PHP Weekly Perl Books and ebooks SEI CERT Perl Coding Standard (2011) Python Books and ebooks Python chapter of Fedora Defensive Coding Guide Black Hat Python: Python Programming for Hackers and Pentesters Violent Python Websites OWASP Python Security Wiki (2014) Ruby Books and ebooks Secure Ruby Development Guide (2014) General Articles How to Safely Generate a Random Number (2014) Released: February 25, 2014 Advice on cryptographically secure pseudo-random number generators. Salted Password Hashing - Doing it Right (2014) Released: August 6, 2014 A post on Crackstation, a project by Defuse Security A good idea with bad usage: /dev/urandom (2014) Released: May 3, 2014 Mentions many ways to make /dev/urandom fail on Linux/BSD. Why Invest in Application Security? (2015) Released: June 21, 2015 Running a business requires being cost-conscious and minimizing unnecessary spending. The benefits of ensuring in the security of your application are invisible to most companies, so often times they neglect to invest in secure software development as a cost-saving measure. What these companies don't realize is the potential cost (both financial and to brand reputation) a preventable data compromise can incur. The average data breach costs millions of dollars in damage. Investing more time and personnel to develop secure software is, for most companies, worth it to minimize this unnecessary risk to their bottom line. Be wary of one-time pads and other crypto unicorns (2015) Released: March 25, 2015 A must-read for anyone looking to build their own cryptography features. Books Web Application Hacker's Handbook (2011) Released: September 27, 2011 Great introduction to Web Application Security; though slightly dated. Cryptography Engineering (2010) Released: March 15, 2010 Develops a sense of professional paranoia while presenting crypto design techniques. Securing DevOps (2018) Released: March 1, 2018 Securing DevOps explores how the techniques of DevOps and Security should be applied together to make cloud services safer. This introductory book reviews state of the art practices used in securing web applications and their infrastructure, and teaches you techniques to integrate security directly into your product. Gray Hat Python: Programming for Hackers and Reverse Engineers (2009) Released: May 3, 2009 The Art of Software Security Assessment: Identifying and Preventing Software Vulnerabilities (2006) Released: November 30, 2006 C Interfaces and Implementations: Techniques for Creating Reusable Software (1996) Released: August 30, 1996 Reversing: Secrets of Reverse Engineering (2005) Released: April 15, 2005 JavaScript: The Good parts (2008) Released: May 1, 2008 Windows Internals: Including Windows Server 2008 and Windows Vista, Fifth Edition (2007) Released: June 17, 2007 The Mac Hacker's Handbook (2009) Released: March 3, 2009 The IDA Pro Book: The Unofficial Guide to the World's Most Popular Disassembler (2008) Released: August 22, 2008 Internetworking with TCP/IP Vol. II: ANSI C Version: Design, Implementation, and Internals (3rd Edition) (1998) Released: June 25, 1998 Network Algorithmics,: An Interdisciplinary Approach to Designing Fast Networked Devices (2004) Released: December 29, 2004 Computation Structures (MIT Electrical Engineering and Computer Science) (1989) Released: December 13, 1989 Surreptitious Software: Obfuscation, Watermarking, and Tamperproofing for Software Protection (2009) Released: August 3, 2009 Secure Programming HOWTO (2015) Released: March 1, 2015 Security Engineering - Third Edition (2020) Released: November 1, 2020 Bulletproof SSL and TLS (2014) Released: August 1, 2014 Holistic Info-Sec for Web Developers (Fascicle 0) (2016) Released: September 17, 2016 The first part of a three part book series providing broad and in-depth coverage on what web developers and architects need to know in order to create robust, reliable, maintainable and secure software, networks and other, that are delivered continuously, on time, with no nasty surprises. Holistic Info-Sec for Web Developers (Fascicle 1) The second part of a three part book series providing broad and in-depth coverage on what web developers and architects need to know in order to create robust, reliable, maintainable and secure software, VPS, networks, cloud and web applications, that are delivered continuously, on time, with no nasty surprises. Classes Offensive Computer Security (CIS 4930) FSU A vulnerability research and exploit development class by Owen Redwood of Florida State University. Be sure to check out the lectures! Hack Night Developed from the materials of NYU Poly's old Penetration Testing and Vulnerability Analysis course, Hack Night is a sobering introduction to offensive security. A lot of complex technical content is covered very quickly as students are introduced to a wide variety of complex and immersive topics over thirteen weeks. Websites Hack This Site! Learn about application security by attempting to hack this website. Enigma Group Where hackers and security experts come to train. Web App Sec Quiz Self-assessment quiz for web application security SecurePasswords.info Secure passwords in several languages/frameworks. Security News Feeds Cheat-Sheet A list of security news sources. Open Security Training Video courses on low-level x86 programming, hacking, and forensics. MicroCorruption Capture The Flag - Learn Assembly and Embedded Device Security The Matasano Crypto Challenges A series of programming exercises for teaching oneself cryptography by Matasano Security. The introduction by Maciej Ceglowski explains it well. PentesterLab PentesterLab provides free Hands-On exercises and a bootcamp to get started. Juice Shop An intentionally insecure Javascript Web Application. Supercar Showdown How to go on the offence before online attackers do. OWASP NodeGoat Purposly vulnerable to the OWASP Top 10 Node.JS web application, with tutorials, security regression testing with the OWASP Zap API, docker image. With several options to get up and running fast. Securing The Stack Bi-Weekly Appsec Tutorials OWASP ServerlessGoat OWASP ServerlessGoat is a deliberately insecure realistic AWS Lambda serverless application, maintained by OWASP and created by PureSec. You can install WebGoat, learn about the vulnerabilities, how to exploit them, and how to remediate each issue. The project also includes documentation explaining the issues and how they should be remediated with best-practices. SecDim SecDim is an appsec edutainment platform, Learn appsec with free git based labs. Think you got what it takes to build a secure app? Challenge yourself with appsec games! Fix bugs, get a score and your name on the leaderboards. Blogs Crypto Fails Showcasing bad cryptography NCC Group - Blog The blog of NCC Group, formerly Matasano, iSEC Partners, and NGS Secure. Scott Helme Learn about security and performance. Cossack Labs blog (2018) Released: July 30, 2018 Blog of cryptographic company that makes open-source libraries and tools, and describes practical data security approaches for applications and infrastructures. Wiki pages OWASP Top Ten Project The top ten most common and critical security vulnerabilities found in web applications. Tools Qualys SSL Labs The infamous suite of SSL and TLS tools. securityheaders.io Quickly and easily assess the security of your HTTP response headers. report-uri.io A free CSP and HPKP reporting service. clickjacker.io Test and learn Clickjacking. Make clickjacking PoC, take screenshot and share link. You can test HTTPS, HTTP, intranet & internal sites. AWS Lambda Tools PureSec FunctionShield FunctionShield is a 100% free AWS Lambda security and Google Cloud Functions security library that equips developers with the ability to easily enforce strict security controls on serverless runtimes. Android Books and ebooks SEI CERT Android Secure Coding Standard (2015) Released: February 24, 2015 A community-maintained Wiki detailing secure coding standards for Android development. C Books and ebooks SEI CERT C Coding Standard (2006) Released: May 24, 2006 A community-maintained Wiki detailing secure coding standards for C programming. Defensive Coding: A Guide to Improving Software Security by the Fedora Security Team (2025) Released: February 22, 2025 Provides guidelines for improving software security through secure coding. Covers common programming languages and libraries, and focuses on concrete recommendations. C++ Books and ebooks SEI CERT C++ Coding Standard (2006) Released: July 18, 2006 A community-maintained Wiki detailing secure coding standards for C++ programming. C Sharp Books and ebooks Security Driven .NET (2015) Released: July 14, 2015 An introduction to developing secure applications targeting version 4.5 of the .NET Framework, specifically covering cryptography and security engineering topics. Clojure Repositories Clojure OWASP (2020) Released: May 5, 2020 Repository with Clojure examples of OWASP top 10 vulnerabilities. Go Articles Memory Security in Go - spacetime.dev (2017) Released: August 3, 2017 A guide to managing sensitive data in memory. Java Books and ebooks SEI CERT Java Coding Standard (2007) Released: January 12, 2007 A community-maintained Wiki detailing secure coding standards for Java programming. Secure Coding Guidelines for Java SE (2014) Released: April 2, 2014 Secure Java programming guidelines straight from Oracle. Node.js Articles Node.js Security Checklist - Rising Stack Blog (2015) Released: October 13, 2015 Covers a lot of useful information for developing secure Node.js applications. Awesome Electron.js hacking & pentesting resources (2020) Released: June 17, 2020 A curated list of resources to secure Electron.js-based applications. Books and ebooks Essential Node.js Security (2017) Released: July 19, 2017 Hands-on and abundant with source code for a practical guide to Securing Node.js web applications. Training Security Training by ^Lift Security Learn from the team that spearheaded the Node Security Project Security Training from BinaryMist We run many types of info-sec security training, covering Physical, People, VPS, Networs, Cloud, Web Applications. Most of the content is sourced from the book series Kim has been working on for several years. More info can be found here PHP Articles It's All About Time (2014) Released: November 28, 2014 A gentle introduction to timing attacks in PHP applications Secure Authentication in PHP with Long-Term Persistence (2015) Released: April 21, 2015 Discusses password policies, password storage, "remember me" cookies, and account recovery. 20 Point List For Preventing Cross-Site Scripting In PHP (2013) Released: April 22, 2013 Padriac Brady's advice on building software that isn't vulnerable to XSS 25 PHP Security Best Practices For Sys Admins (2011) Released: November 23, 2011 Though this article is a few years old, much of its advice is still relevant as we veer around the corner towards PHP 7. PHP data encryption primer (2014) Released: June 16, 2014 @timoh6 explains implementing data encryption in PHP Preventing SQL Injection in PHP Applications - the Easy and Definitive Guide (2014) Released: May 26, 2014 TL;DR - don't escape, use prepared statements instead! You Wouldn't Base64 a Password - Cryptography Decoded (2015) Released: August 7, 2015 A human-readable overview of commonly misused cryptography terms and fundamental concepts, with example code in PHP. If you're confused about cryptography terms, start here. A Guide to Secure Data Encryption in PHP Applications (2015) Released: August 2, 2015 Discusses the importance of end-to-end network-layer encryption (HTTPS) as well as secure encryption for data at rest, then introduces the specific cryptography tools that developers should use for specific use cases, whether they use libsodium, Defuse Security's secure PHP encryption library, or OpenSSL. The 2018 Guide to Building Secure PHP Software (2017) Released: December 12, 2017 This guide should serve as a complement to the e-book, PHP: The Right Way, with a strong emphasis on security and not general PHP programmer topics (e.g. code style). Books and ebooks Securing PHP: Core Concepts Securing PHP: Core Concepts acts as a guide to some of the most common security terms and provides some examples of them in every day PHP. Using Libsodium in PHP Projects You shouldn't need a Ph.D in Applied Cryptography to build a secure web application. Enter libsodium, which allows developers to develop fast, secure, and reliable applications without needing to know what a stream cipher even is. Useful libraries defuse/php-encryption Symmetric-key encryption library for PHP applications. (Recommended over rolling your own!) ircmaxell/password_compat If you're using PHP 5.3.7+ or 5.4, use this to hash passwords ircmaxell/RandomLib Useful for generating random strings or numbers thephpleague/oauth2-server A secure OAuth2 server implementation paragonie/random_compat PHP 7 offers a new set of CSPRNG functions: random_bytes() and random_int(). This is a community effort to expose the same API in PHP 5 projects (forward compatibility layer). Permissively MIT licensed. psecio/gatekeeper A secure authentication and authorization library that implements Role-Based Access Controls and Paragon Initiative Enterprises' recommendaitons for secure "remember me" checkboxes. openwall/phpass A portable public domain password hashing framework for use in PHP applications. Websites websec.io websec.io is dedicated to educating developers about security with topics relating to general security fundamentals, emerging technologies and PHP-specific information Blogs Paragon Initiative Enterprises Blog The blog of our technology and security consulting firm based in Orlando, FL ircmaxell's blog A blog about PHP, Security, Performance and general web application development. Pádraic Brady's Blog Pádraic Brady is a Zend Framework security expert Mailing lists Securing PHP Weekly A weekly newsletter about PHP, security, and the community. Perl Books and ebooks SEI CERT Perl Coding Standard (2011) Released: January 10, 2011 A community-maintained Wiki detailing secure coding standards for Perl programming. Python Books and ebooks Python chapter of Fedora Defensive Coding Guide Lists standard library features that should be avoided, and references sections of other chapters that are Python-specific. Black Hat Python: Python Programming for Hackers and Pentesters Black Hat Python by Justin Seitz from NoStarch Press is a great book for the offensive security minds Violent Python Violent Python shows you how to move from a theoretical understanding of offensive computing concepts to a practical implementation. Websites OWASP Python Security Wiki (2014) Released: June 21, 2014 A wiki maintained by the OWASP Python Security project. Ruby Books and ebooks Secure Ruby Development Guide (2014) Released: March 10, 2014 A guide to secure Ruby development by the Fedora Security Team. Also available on Github. About A curated list of resources for learning about application security paragonie.com/projects Topics security curated owasp application-security security-experts reading-list Resources Readme License MIT license Activity Custom properties Stars 6.5k stars Watchers 314 watching Forks 753 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 24 + 10 contributors Languages PHP 100.0% Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.