GitHub - mehcode/awesome-atom: A curated list of delightful Atom packages and resources. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert mehcode / awesome-atom Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 114 Star 1.9k A curated list of delightful Atom packages and resources. License CC0-1.0 license 1.9k stars 114 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 1 Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights mehcode/awesome-atom masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History143 CommitsCONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Atom A curated list of delightful Atom packages and resources. For more awesomeness, check out awesome. Table of Content Syntax Lint Build Extensions Nuclide Themes Collaboration CodeSideStory Uncategorized Nuclide Advanced Open File Atom Reverser Atom Terminal Autocomplete module import Beautify Code Peek Color Picker Copy Paste CSS Declaration Sorter Duplicate Selection Editor Config Emmet File Icons Fonts Git Time Machine html-to-css iMDone Jumpy Merge Conflicts Minimap Pigments Project Plus Sort lines Sorter Sync Settings PlatformIO IDE Terminal TernJS Test Navigator Themer Toggle Quotes Syntax Language packages extend the editor with syntax highlighting and/or snippets for a specific language or file format. Angular Vue.js Dockerfile Markdown React Stylus Pug Tcl TypeScript Lint In case the awesome nirvana that is linting has not yet been unleashed upon you: lint was the name originally given to a particular program that flagged some suspicious and non-portable constructs (likely to be bugs) in C language source code. The term is now applied generically to tools that flag suspicious usage in software written in any computer language. To enable linting, you'll need the general linter which provides the interface for the provider plugins for specific languages. The full list of current plugins can be found at atomlinter.github.io, a few examples being: C++ linter-clang linter-cppcheck linter-gcc - on-the-fly linting! linter-cpplint - checks against google style guide CSS — stylelint JavaScript — eslint Python — pylama SASS — sass-lint Stylus — stylint TypeScript - tslint Build To enable building, you'll need the general build which provides the interface for the provider plugins for specific languages and adds integrates with lint. The full list of current plugins can be found at atombuild.github.io, a few examples being: AppleScript — oscompile C/C++/Objective C — xcodebuild CoffeeScript - coffee GNU Make - make Sass — sass TypeScript - tsc Extensions Nuclide An open IDE for web and native mobile development, built on top of Atom maintained by Facebook. Collaboration CodeSideStory An Atom/Slack integration to start conversations about code right from the editor. Record screens and archive it right next to the line number to provide more context to your code. Uncategorized Advanced Open File Helps Atom users to open files and folders easily. It can also creates new files and folders if they don't currently exist. Atom Reverser Reverses your current selections; e.g. false to true Atom Terminal Launch terminal app on current file's directory with "Ctrl-Shift-T" in Atom. Autocomplete module import Search & install npm packages from import/require statements by Algolia Beautify Beautify HTML (including Handlebars), CSS (including Sass and LESS), JavaScript, and much more in Atom. Code Peek Quickly peek and edit functions in separate files from the context of your current editor. Color Picker Color picker that supports HEX, HEXa, RGB, RGBa, HSL, HSLa, HSV, HSVa, VEC3, VEC4 – and is able to convert between the formats. It also inspects Sass and LESS color variables. Copy Paste Types in your code for your from the clipboard/buffer. Simply copy the code and hit the shortcut to watch your code being typed. Copy paste is ideal for screencasts and online courses. CSS Declaration Sorter Sorts your CSS, Less or Sass declarations in Atom, never gets tired. You can choose from various ready-made orders to keep your CSS tidy. Duplicate Selection Duplicates the selection if there is one, otherwise, duplicates the line. Editor Config EditorConfig helps developers maintain consistent coding styles between different editors Emmet Plugin which greatly improves HTML and CSS writing. Shortcuts can expand to complete set of HTML or CSS selectors. File Icons Adds file specific icons to atom for improved visual grepping. Works with Tree View and Fuzzy Finder and Tabs. Fonts Lots of monospace fonts. Git Time Machine It shows visual plot of commits to the current file over time and you can click on it on the timeplot or hover over the plot and see all of the commits for a time range. html-to-css Generates CSS boilerplate based on the selected HTML. Supports CSS, SCSS, Sass, LESS, BEM, JSX. iMDone A task-board for TODOs, FIXMEs, HACKs, etc in your code. Jumpy An Atom package that creates dynamic hotkeys to jump around files across visible panes. Merge Conflicts Resolve your git merge conflicts in Atom. Minimap A preview of the full source code. Pigments A package to display colors in project and files. Project Plus Simply awesome project management in Atom. Sort Lines Sorts your lines. Never gets tired. Sorter Sorts Lines, JSON, CSS, HTML, CSV. Restores semicolons. Respects indentation. Supports natural sort. Sync Settings Synchronize package settings, keymap and installed packages across Atom instances. PlatformIO IDE Terminal A terminal package for Atom, complete with themes, API and more for PlatformIO IDE. This is a maintained (as of 2017-07-13) fork of terminal-plus. TernJS Javascript code intelligence for atom with tern.js and autocomplete-plus. Test Navigator Quickly navigate between test and implementation files. Themer Generate Atom syntax/UI theme packages (and matching themes for your other tools) from your favorite colors. Toggle Quotes Quickly toggle between single and double quotes. Tree View Search Bar Quick look in tree view. About A curated list of delightful Atom packages and resources. Topics atom awesome awesome-list Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 1.9k stars Watchers 58 watching Forks 114 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 29 + 15 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.