GitHub - stingalleman/awesome-audiovisual: Curated list of audiovisual projects Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert stingalleman / awesome-audiovisual Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 15 Star 194 Curated list of audiovisual projects License CC0-1.0 license 194 stars 15 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights stingalleman/awesome-audiovisual mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History111 Commits.github.github HARDWARE.mdHARDWARE.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Audiovisual Curated list of software, libraries and resources for lighting, video and audio professionals and hobbyists. Want to add something? Just make a pull request, but be sure to follow the contributing guidelines! Question? Ask it in the General Discussion issue. Contents Lighting Lighting Software Visualizers Audio Audio Software Audio tools Video Tools CADs Timecode Monitoring Libraries and frameworks ArtNet Libraries Hardware Graphics Management Resources Blogs Tutorials GrandMA2 tutorials Misc/other Lighting ^ back to top ^ Lighting Software Avolites Titan - PC version of the Titan software which runs on the Avolites desk. Free to use until version 11.4 although it spits out random data once in a while. Requires a dongle from version 12. ⚠ not free. Chamsys MagicQ - MagiQ is a professional lighting software providing up to 64 Artnet universes for free. It includes powerful features like 2D/3D pixel mapping, effect generator, media server and visualizer. Daslight - DMX lighting software for PC and Mac. Dot2 software - Free, offline software for the Dot2 consoles. Includes Dot2 onPC and Dot2 3D. EOS Family - Software for ETC's EOS-family consoles. ⚠ freemium. Freestyler - Free lightning control software GrandMA2 software - Free, offline software for the GrandMA2 lighting console. Includes GrandMA2 OnPC and MA3D. Does not output DMX for free. ⚠ freemium. GrandMA3 software - Free, offline software for the new GrandMA3 lighting console. Includes GrandMA3 OnPC. Does not output DMX for free. ⚠ freemium. Hog 4 software - Free, offline software for the Hog 4 lighting console. Includes Hog 4 pc. Does not output DMX for free. ⚠ freemium. LightFactory - PC Lighting Control software witch also is the backend of the NEO Console. ⚠ not free. ONYX - Modern lighting control system with alot of features. QLC+ - QLC+ is a free and cross-platform software to control DMX or analog lighting systems like moving heads, dimmers, scanners etc. Source Code ✓ open-source. xLights - Meant for home Christmas light shows but is a great way to sync lights to music on a budget. Source Code ✓ open-source. Visualizers Capture - Documentation and visualisation software. Capture is a native macOS and Windows application that lets you work with lighting, video, laser, moving scenery and water effects. Does have a free Student Edition. ⚠ freemium. Depence² - Depence² is a unique application, which combines the design and visualization process with the potential to control the real show. ⚠ not free. Ma3D - Free lighting visualizer for GrandMA consoles/software. wysiwyg - wysiwyg is an all-in-one lighting design software with fully integrated CAD, plots, data, visualization and virtual show control. ⚠ not free. Audio ^ back to top ^ Audio Software Audacity - Audio file editor and analysis tool, great for cropping down sound effects and music tracks. ✓ open-source. Ardour - A full realtime audio recording and editing suite. Source Code ✓ open-source. da-Share MultiPlay - MultiPlay is a Windows based program designed to play audio cues for theatre or corporate use. It is free to use. Linux Show Player - Free cue player designed for stage productions. Source Code ✓ open-source. QLab - QLab is sound, video, and lighting control for macOS. ⚠ freemium. REAPER - REAPER is a complete digital audio production application for computers, offering a full multitrack audio and MIDI recording, editing, processing, mixing and mastering toolset. ⚠ freemium. Audio tools ARTA - A collection of programs for audio measurements and analysis. REW - REW is free room acoustics analysis software for measuring and analysing room and loudspeaker responses. Free SMAART alternative. Video ^ back to top ^ See ebu/awesome-broadcasting. Tools ^ back to top ^ Livescript - Insert a musical/theatre-script from Google Docs and use this for a live "autocue" and scroller with everyone on the site. ✓ open-source. Ontime - Browser-based application that manages event rundowns, scheduling, and cueing. Plan, track your schedule, manage automation and cross-department show information in one place. ✓ open-source. stagetimer.io - Browser-based remote-controlled countdown timer. ⚠ freemium. CADs AutoCAD - AutoCAD® is computer-aided design (CAD) software that architects, engineers, and construction professionals rely on to create precise 2D and 3D drawings. ⚠ not free. Vectorworks - Vectorworks is a versatile, on-premise application that provides extensive 2D drafting, 3D modeling, BIM and rendering capabilities for your architectural and landscape design needs. Also had a special entertainment version: Vectorworks Spotlight. ⚠ not free. Timecode Timecode is a sequence of numeric codes generated at regular intervals by a timing synchronization system. Timecode is used in video production, show control and other applications which require temporal coordination or logging of recording or actions. El-Tee-See - LTC wav file generator. TCgenerator - Reaper time marker to GrandMA2 TC Generator. ✓ open-source. Timecode - ArtNet and LTC timecode generator, made with Java. ✓ open-source. Time MIDI sender - A free tool for sending time data to DasLight (via MIDI). ✓ open-source. TimelordMTC - Advanced timecode management tool. ⚠ not free. M2Q - Python application capable to trigger Chamsys Consoles/Software via MIDI for advanced synchronized shows. ✓ open-source. Monitoring AES67 WebMeter - Server that receives an AES67 audio stream and presents a webpage with meters. ✓ open-source. meters.lv2 - meters.lv2 is a collection of audio-level meters with GUI in LV2 plugin format. ✓ open-source. Open Sound Meter - Clean, open-source sound meter. Supports RTA, magnitude, phase and impulse response, coherence, group delay and more. ✓ open-source. Libraries and frameworks ^ back to top ^ Open Lighting Architecture - A framework for lighting control information. Supports a range of protocols and over a dozen of USB devices. Source Code node-dmx - DMX controller library for Node.js. nodejs ✓ open-source. ArtNet Libraries artnet - Node.js module that can be used to send ArtDMX packages to an Art-Net node. nodejs. artnet4j - Art-Net library for Java and Processing. java. Hardware ^ back to top ^ See HARDWARE.md. Graphics ^ back to top ^ GIMP - GIMP is a cross-platform image editor available for Linux, Windows, and macOS. Inkscape - Inkscape is a professional vector graphics editor for Linux, Windows and macOS. Management ^ back to top ^ Rentman - Cloud rental software for AV & Event companies. Resource planning, scheduling and more. ⚠ not free Resources ^ back to top ^ Chamsys Programmers and Users facebook group - The best place to find information about Chamsys consoles and software. Christian Jackson - YouTube channel about concert lighting. Also has great MA tutorials. ESTA Technical Standards Program - Collection of technical standards in the entertainment technology industry. Geezers of Gear - Entertainment Production Industry veteran talking about pro-audio, lighting, staging, video + the people and companies who work in this great industry. @limelightwired - Lighting production community on Instagram. awesome-linuxaudio - A Awesome list with all things Linux audio. QLab Cookbook - The cookbook is a collection of projects, examples, and experiments using a broad range of QLab programming techniques including AppleScript, OSC, external control using QLab Remote, third-party MIDI and OSC controllers, and other software. /r/lightingdesign - The Reddit community for lighting designers worldwide. /r/techtheatre - The reddit community for all production designers and technicians! Blogs mikewoodld.com/blog/ - Blog of Lighting Designer Mike Wood. notelek.com/blog/ - LXR Stage Technology Blog. Tutorials ^ back to top ^ GrandMA2 tutorials GMA2 colour picker tutorial - A tutorial for how to add a colour picker in GrandMA2. Misc/other ^ back to top ^ Blender ArtNet - Blender script to push ArtNet data to Evee lights. Runs at 30fps with Evee rendering in the viewport. ✓ open-source. Linux - A free operating system that can run on pretty much every kind of computer and is great for breathing new life into old computers that aren't supported by the newer Windows editions. There's tons of different distributions to choose from,. The most common one for general computer stuff is Ubuntu. ✓ open-source. MIDI Monster - MIDIMonster is a universal control and translation tool. It can translate between many different protocols such as MIDI, Artnet, sACN and OSC. ✓ open-source. UsedLighting - Marketplace for buying/selling used lighting hardware. About Curated list of audiovisual projects Topics awesome video-processing awesome-list dmx audiovisual audio-processing Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 194 stars Watchers 8 watching Forks 15 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 11 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.