GitHub - inputsh/awesome-c: Continuing the development of awesome-c list on GitHub Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert This repository was archived by the owner on Apr 3, 2023. It is now read-only. inputsh / awesome-c Public archive Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 359 Star 3.6k Continuing the development of awesome-c list on GitHub License View license 3.6k stars 359 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 5 Pull requests 13 Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights inputsh/awesome-c masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History238 Commits.travis.yml.travis.yml CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductLicenseawesome-c A curated list of C good stuff. This list contains only free software for code, and sellers who aren't evil for physical resources. LOOKING FOR MAINTAINERS: This list is currently pretty much inactive. I'm looking for maintainers that can make it great again. See #26 for more info, but the process is simple: add or fix a couple of things in this list and you'll become a contributor to a 850+ stars list. This list was previously maintained by @kozross. He decided to switch the list to a new platform, so I've decided to fork it so we could keep it on GitHub. Contents Contents Build Systems Compilers Compiler libraries Compression Crypto Database Deep Learning Documentation Generation Editors Embedded Systems RTOS Environments Frameworks Game Programming Engines Resources Generic Programming Graphics Graphic APIs Graphical User Interface Hashing Image Processing JSON Learning, Reference and Tutorials Online Reference Language Standards Beginner Intermediate Advanced Self-study courses Physical Reference Beginner Intermediate Advanced Macros Memory Allocators Multimedia Networking and Internet Web Frameworks Numerical Parallel Programming Parsers Regex Serialization Source Code Collections Standard Libraries String Manipulation Testing Text Editor Extensions Atom Emacs Vim Tools Utilities XML Build Systems These are tools to automate the building and testing of projects in C. aimake - Build tool designed to avoid complex configurations. GNU GPL3 or later Autoconf - Extensible package of M4 macros that produce shell scripts to automatically configure software source code packages. Part of the Autotools. GNU GPL3 or later Automake - Tool for automatically generating Makefile.in files compliant with the GNU Coding Standards. Requires the use of Autoconf. Part of the Autotools. GNU GPL3 or later CMake - Tools for cross-platform building, testing, and packaging. 3-clause BSD Jam - Build system, designed to be easier than make. Understands C build rules implicitly. Jam License Libtool - Generic library support script. Part of the Autotools. GNU GPL3 or later Meson - Extremely fast, user-friendly build system. Based on Ninja. Apache 2.0 Premake - Build script generator for toolsets like Visual Studio, Xcode, or GNU Make. 3-clause BSD SCons - An easier, more reliable and faster way to build software. MIT Ninja - Small, simple build system with a focus on speed. Apache 2.0 Bazel - Build system for various operating systems and targets. Apache 2.0 Buck - Build system created and used by Facebook. Apache 2.0 Qbs - Modern build tool for software projects. LGPL3 qmake - Build system included with the Qt Framework. GNU GPL3 with Qt Exception xmake - Cross-platform build utility based on lua. Apache 2.0 Compilers Clang - C compiler for LLVM. Supports C11. NCSA CompCert - Fully-verified C compiler. Supports almost all of C89. GNU GPL2.1 or later GCC - Provides a C compiler as part of its compiler set. Supports C11 and OpenMP. GNU GPL3 or later PCC - Venerable C compiler. Supports C99. Various free licenses TCC - Tiny C Compiler; a small, fast C compiler. Supports C99 (except complex types). GNU LGPL2.1 Intel SPMD - Compiler for a variant of the C language, for single program, multiple data programming. Various licenses ccache - Compiler cache designed to speedup recompilation. GNU GPL3 or later Compiler libraries Libraries for use in compilers, interpreters, and low-level based projects. yasm - Yasm Modular Assembler Project. 2-clause BSD Compression libzip - A C library for reading, creating, and modifying zip archives. 3-clause BSD lzo - Very fast data compression library. GNU GPL2.1 zlib - Massively-spiffy yet delicately-unobtrusive compression library. 3-clause BSD bzip2 - Patent free, high quality data compressor. 3-clause BSD lz4 - Fast Compression algorithm. snappy - Fast compression library (implementation in C++, native bindings to C). zstd - Fast real-time compression algorithm 3-clause BSD brotli - Generic lossless compression algorithm based on LZ77, Huffman coding and 2nd order context modelling MIT quicklz - Fast compression library. GNU GPL2.1 pixz - Pixz (pronounced pixie) is a parallel, indexing version of xz. 2-clause BSD Crypto GnuTLS - Secure communication library, implementing SSL, TLS and DTLS. GNU LGPL2.1 or later libgcrypt - General-purpose cryptography library, with a range of available ciphers. GNU LGPL2.1or later (code) and GNU GPL2.1 or later (manual and tools) OpenSSL - Implementation of the SSL and TLS protocols, and also includes a cryptography library. Dual Licensed under the OpenSSL License and the SSLeay License libsodium - Modern and easy-to-use crypto library. Expat libtomcrypt - Fairly comprehensive, modular and portable cryptographic toolkit. Public Domain mbed TLS - Another crypto implementation for C. Apache 2.0 libressl - Modernized fork of OpenSSL. Various Licenses Database This lists databases and data stores with C APIs. BerkeleyDB - Library for a high-performance embedded database for key-value data. GNU AGPLv3 Hiredis - Minimalistic client library for Redis. 3-clause BSD LMDB - Ultra-fast, ultra-compact key-value embedded data store. OpenLDAP License MariaDB - Robust, scalable and reliable SQL server, designed to be a drop-in replacement for MySQL. 3-clause BSD mongo-c-driver - High-performance client library for MongoDB. Apache 2.0 PostgreSQL - Powerful object-relational database system. PostgreSQL licence recutils - Set of tools and a C library for accessing human-editable, plaintext database files called recfiles. GNU GPL3 or later Redis - Advanced key-value store. 3-clause BSD sophia - Modern, embeddable key-value database. FreeBSD SQLite - Self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, transactional SQL database engine with a C interface. Public Domain UnQLite - Self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, transactional NoSQL engine with a C interface. FreeBSD Deep Learning Darknet - Open source neural network framework written in C and CUDA. It is fast, easy to install, and supports CPU and GPU computation. Documentation Generation Cxref - Generates documentation of C programs in either LaTeX, HTML, RTF or SGML. GNU GPL2.1 DocOnce - Modestly-tagged markup language that can be used to generate a range of formats. 3-clause BSD Doxygen - The de-facto standard tool for generating C documentation from annotated sources. Can generate a large range of formats. GNU GPL2.1 GTK-Doc - Tool for generating C documentation from annotated sources. Has support for the Autotools. GNU GPL2.1 (code) or GNU FDL1.1 Editors These are specifically fancier, IDE-type editors. If you want a programmer's text editor, look elsewhere. Besides, whatever choice you make most likely supports C anyway. Anjuta DevStudio - The GNOME IDE. GNU GPL2.1 Atom - Hackable text editor for the 21st century. MIT Code::Blocks - Extensible, configurable IDE supporting C. GNU GPL3 CodeLite - Cross-platform IDE. GNU GPL2.1 Eclipse - IDE written in Java. EPL Geany - Very small and fast IDE. GNU GPL2.1 or later KDevelop - The KDE IDE. GNU GPL2.1 Qt Creator - Cross-platform IDE written with C++ and Qt, part of the Qt SDK. Supports Clang Code Model. GNU GPL3 with Qt exception Visual Studio Code - Code editing, redefined. Visual Studio Code. Embedded Systems These are projects that allow one to work with microcontrollers and other resource constrained architectures. RTOS A real-time operating system (RTOS) is intended to serve real-time applications that process data with low latency delay. Amazon FreeRTOS - RTOS for microcontrollers that makes small, low-power edge devices easy to program. MIT ChibiOS - RTOS with complete development environment (HAL, drivers, support files, and tools). Various Licenses Contiki - Connect low-cost, low power microcontrollers to the Internet. 3-clause BSD Zephyr Project - Scalable real-time RTOS supporting multiple hardware architectures, optimized for resource constrained devices. Apache 2.0 RIOT OS - Real-time multi-threading operating system that supports a range of devices that are typically found in the Internet of Things. LGPL-2.1 Environments This is a list of technologies designed to bring Windows into the 21st century with respect to support for C. Cygwin - Designed to emulate a POSIX-compatible environment extensively under Windows. Various Licenses MinGW-w64 - Minimalist environment for C development on Windows with 64 bit support. Various Licenses Frameworks This section has big libraries that provide data structures and other stuff you expect of a 'modern' standard library. APR - Apache Portable Runtime; another library of cross-platform utility functions. Apache 2.0 C Algorithms - Collection of common algorithms and data structures for C. ISC C Macro Collections - Header only, macro generated, generic and type-safe Collections in C. MIT CPL - The Common Pipeline Library; a set of libraries designed to be a comprehensive, efficient and robust software toolkit. GNU GPL2.1 EFL - Large collection of useful data structures and functions. GLib - Library of utility functions and structures, designed to be portable, efficient and powerful. GNU LGPL2.1 GIO - Modern and easy-to-use VFS API. GNU LGPL2.1 GObject - Object-oriented system and object model for C. GNU LGPL2.1 libnih - Lightweight library of C functions and structures. GNU GPL2.1 libU - Small library of basic utilities, including memory allocation, string manipulation and logging. 3-clause BSD PBL - Large library of utilities, featuring data structures, among other things. GNU LGPL2.1 or later (library) or GNU GPL2.1 or later (test code) qlibc - Simple and powerful C library, designed as a replacement for GLib while focusing on being small and light. qLib license (similar to FreeBSD) stb - Range of single-file libraries for C. Public Domain libsrt - Safe Real-Time library for C. 3-clause BSD Game Programming Engines These are provided as examples of C game programming code. Corange - Game engine in pure C. FreeBSD Darkplaces - Modified version of the Quake2 engine. GNU GPL2.1 ioquake3 - The Quake3 engine, freed at last. GNU GPL2.1 Orx - Portable, lightweight, plugin-based, data-driven, 2D-oriented game engine. zlib Quake - The Quake engine. GNU GPL2.1 Quake2 - The Quake2 engine. GNU GPL2.1 Spearmint - Engine designed for FPS games. GNU GPL3 or later Resources These are libraries of all sorts that are useful for game programming. Allegro - Cross-platform, video game development and multimedia library. zlib Chipmunk2D - Fast and lightweight 2D game physics library. Expat CSFML - Binding for SFML in C. zlib FreeGLUT - Alternative to the OpenGL Utility Toolkit. Allows the creation and management of windows with OpenGL contexts. X11 GLFW - Multi-platform library for creating windows with OpenGL contexts. zlib libao - Cross-platform audio library with a wide variety of outputs. GNU GPL2.1 or later RetroArch - The reference frontend for libretro. GNU GPL3 SDL and SDL2 - Cross-platform development library designed to provide low-level access to audio, keyboard, mouse, joystick and graphics hardware via OpenGL. SDL2 is the most current version. zlib raylib - Simple and easy-to-use library to learn videogames programming. zlib Generic Programming klib - Small and lightweight implementations of common algorithms and data structures. MIT Graphics Cairo -2D graphics library. GNU LGPL2.1 or MPLv1.1 Cogl - GPU graphics and utilities API. Expat Clutter - UI library based on OpenGL. GNU LGPL2.1 giflib - Library for reading and writing gif images. MIT heman - Tiny library of image utilities dealing with height maps, normal maps, distance fields and the like. Expat libcaca - ASCII renderer for terminal-based interfaces. WTFPLv2 libimagequant - Small, portable library for high-quality conversion of RGBA images to 8-bit indexed colour images. FreeBSD libjpeg-turbo - Faster library for reading and writing JPEG files. Various Licenses libpng - The official PNG reference library. libpng license libxmi - Function library for rasterizing 2D vector graphics. GNU GPL3 or later mozjpeg - Improved JPEG encoder. 3-clause BSD Graphic APIs OpenGL - Industry adopted 2D and 3D graphics API. More resources at awesome-opengl. OpenGL ES - Industry adopted 2D and 3D graphics API for mobile and embedded devices. OpenGL SC - Graphic and compute standard for industry requiring system safety certification. Vulkan - Explicit graphic and compute API for modern cross-platform development. More resources at awesome-vulkan. Graphical User Interface These are specifically widget toolkits. GTK+ - Cross-platform widget toolkit. GNU LGPL2.1 IUP - Another cross-platform widget toolkit. Expat Tk - Basic widget toolkit. Part of Tcl/Tk. Tcl/Tk License XForms Toolkit - Widget toolkit designed for the XWindow system. GNU LGPL2.1 nuklear - Single-header ANSI C gui library. Public Domain libui - Simple and portable (but not inflexible) GUI library. MIT LCUI - Small C library for building user interfaces with C, XML and CSS. MIT Hashing All hashing related libraries, cryptographic or not. jwHash - Fast hashtable implementation. Apache 2.0 xxHash - Extremely fast non-cryptographic hash algorithm. 2-clause BSD libcrc - Multi platform CRC library. MIT murmur - C implementation of MurMur Hashing. Public Domain t1ha - Fast Positive Hash library. zlib Image Processing libccv - Modern Computer Vision Library. 3-clause BSD JSON Jansson - C library for encoding, decoding and manipulating JSON. Expat jsmn - Minimalistic JSON parser. Expat json-c - Library for working with JSON. Expat parson - Lightweight JSON library written in C. MIT WJElement - Advanced JSON manipulation library, with support for JSON Schema. LGPL, any version YAJL - Fast C JSON streaming parser library. ISC Learning, Reference and Tutorials This is a list of resources for learning C programming in general, or something useful relating to C programming. Online Reference SEI CERT C Coding Standard C FAQ - comp.lang.c Frequently Asked Questions Comparison of C/POSIX standard library implementations for GNU/Linux GNU C Reference Manual Robert Pike's notes on programming in C Draft ANSI C Rationale Draft C99 Rationale Language Standards Draft ANSI C (C89) standard Draft C99 standard Draft C11 standard Beginner Tutorial on pointers Building C Projects C Programming Wikibook Introduction to 'fun' C Learning C with GDB POSIX Threads Programming tutorial (a little dated, but most of it is still valid and useful) The GNU C Programming Tutorial (online PDF) Templating in C Intermediate 8 gdb tricks you should know 10 C99 tricks Diving into concurrency: trying out mutexes and atomics Introduction to OpenMP (video) OpenMP tutorial (for the OpenMP3 standard) memcpy vs memmove MPI tutorial Some unknown features or tricks in C language The lost art of C structure packing What a C programmer should know about memory What every C programmer should know about undefined behaviour Advanced Advanced metaprogramming in C Quick tutorial on implementing and debugging malloc, free, calloc, and realloc Bit twiddling hacks I do not know C Implementing smart pointers for the C programming language Inline functions in C Metaprogramming custom control structures in C Some dark corners of C Writing efficient C and C code optimization What every programmer should know about memory Self-study courses C Programming Language Certified Associate preparation course Physical Reference C: A Reference Manual 5E - Full reference book for C99. C Pocket Reference - Concise reference book for C99. The C Programming Language 2E - The original book on C, by its creators. Beginner C Primer Plus 6E - Complete tutorial on programming in C11. C Programming: A Modern Approach - Excellent book to learn the basics of C. Head First C - 'Head-first' style book for learning C. Intermediate 21st Century C - Very good second programming book on C. Understanding and Using C Pointers - In-depth resource on pointers in C. ZeroMQ - Book for using ZeroMQ with C. Advanced Expert C Programming: Deep C Secrets - Interesting, in-depth and entertaining look at the innards of C. Macros P99 - Suite of macros to implement advanced features like default function arguments, scope-bound resources, etc. (Requires C99) Q Public License Memory Allocators Implementations of memory allocators for various systems and platforms. jemalloc - General purpose malloc(3) implementation that emphasizes fragmentation avoidance and scalable concurrency support, commonly used in production systems. FreeBSD dlmalloc - Doug Lea's malloc(3) implementation, useful for academic and research purposes. Public Domain Hoard - A Fast, Scalable, and Memory-efficient Malloc for Linux, Windows, Mac, and Solaris. GNU GPL2 nedmalloc - An EXTREMELY FAST portable thread caching malloc(3) implementation written in C. GNU GPL2 rpmalloc - Cross platform, lock-free memory allocator. Public Domain Multimedia FFMPEG - Complete, cross-platform solution to record, convert and stream audio and video. GNU LGPL2.1 or later or GNU GPL2.1 or later (some parts) GStreamer - Framework for audio and visual media. GNU LGPL2.1 lodepng - Simple PNG image decoder and encoder, requiring no other dependencies. 3-clause BSD libsoup - GNOME HTTP client/server library. Uses GObject. GNU LGPL2.1 libmpv - Music-playing library. Compile with ./waf configure --disable-cplayer --enable-libmpv-shared to not have the music player. GNU GPL2.1 or later libsoundio - Library for cross-platform, real-time audio input and output. Has a range of back-ends. Expat Networking and Internet asnlc - Compiler of ASN.1 specifications into C source code. FreeBSD czmq - High-level binding for ZeroMQ. MPL2.0 GNU adns - Advanced, easy-to-use, asynch-capable DNS client library and utilities. GNU GPL3 or later GNU SASL - Implementation of the Simple Authentication and Security Layer and a few common SASL mechanism. GNU GPL3 or later GnuTLS - Secure communication library, implementing SSL, TLS and DTLS. GNU LGPL2.1 or later gumbo-parser - HTML5 parsing library in C99. Apache 2.0 http-parser - HTTP request/response parser. Expat ldns - Library to simplify DNS programming. 3-clause BSD libcurl - Client-side URL transfer library, supporting a wide range of formats. curl license LibEtPan - Mail library providing an efficient network for IMAP, SMTP, POP and NNTP. 3-clause BSD libev - Yet another event loop. FreeBSD libuv - Cross-platform asynchronous I/O. Expat libevent - Event loop replacement for network servers. 3-clause BSD libgss - Generic Security Service. GNU GPL3 or later libhttpd - Library to add basic web server capabilities to an application or embedded device. GNU GPL2 libidn - Implementation of the Stringprep, Punycode and IDNA specifications. GNU GPL3 or later libmicrohttpd - Small C library that makes it easy to run an HTTP server as part of another application. GNU LGPL2.1 or later libsagui - Sagui is a cross-platform C library which helps to develop web servers or frameworks. GNU LGPL3 libvldmail - Your friendly e-mail address validation library. WTFPLv2 lwan - Experimental, scalable, high-performance HTTP server. GNU GPL2.1 mongoose - Embedded web server for C. GNU GPL2.1 MQTT-C - Portable MQTT C client for embedded systems and PCs alike. MIT nanomsg - C-based implementation of ZeroMQ. Expat OpenSSL - Implementation of the SSL and TLS protocols, and also includes a cryptography library. Dual Licensed under the OpenSSL License and the SSLeay License oSip - SIP implementation in C without additional dependencies. GNU LGPLv2.1 or later pig - Linux packet crafting tool. GPL2 s2n - C99 implementation of the TLS/SSL protocols, designed to be simple, fast and with security as a priority. Apache 2.0 socket99 - C99 wrapper for the BSD sockets API. ISC Tox - Communication platform, designed to be a Skype-killer. GNU GPL3 twitc - Mini C library for interacting with the Twitter OAuth API. Expat librg - Library for building simple and elegant cross-platform mmo client-server solutions. Apache 2.0 dyad - Asynchronous networking library. MIT h2o - Optimized HTTP/1, HTTP/2 high performance server/library. MIT Web Frameworks balde - Microframework for C based on GLib. GNU LGPLv2.1 onion - C library to create simple HTTP servers and Web Applications. Apache 2.0 kore - Easy to use, scalable and secure web application framework for writing web APIs in C. klone - KLone is a fully-featured, multiplatform, web application development framework. duda - Duda I/O is an event-driven and high performant web services framework written in C. Apache 2.0 Numerical apophenia - Library for statistical and scientific computing. GNU GPL2.1 ATLAS - Automatically Tuned Linear Algebra Software. 3-clause BSD BLAS - Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms; a set of routines that provide vector and matrix operations. BLAS license CDFLIB - Library with routines to evaluate cumulative density functions fo a variety of standard probability distributions. Also can compute one parameter of the CDF given the others. (No license given) cmathl - Pure-C Math library with a great variety of mathematical functions and CMake build support. Seeks to be close to C89/C90 compliant for portability. MIT Cuba - Library for multidimensional numerical integration. GNU LGPLv3 FFTW - The Fastest Fourier Transform in the West; a highly-optimized fast Fourier transform routine. GNU GPL2.1 or later FLINT - Fast Library for Number Theory; a library supporting arithmetic with numbers, polynomials, power series and matrices, among others. GNU GPL2.1 or later GLPK - GNU Linear Programming Kit; a package designed for solving large-scale linear programming, mixed integer programming and other related problems. GNU GPL3 or later GMP - GNU Multple Precision Arithmetic Library; a library for arbitrary-precision arithmetic. GNU GPL2.1 and GNU LGPLv3 GNU MPC - Library for complex number arithmetic. GNU LGPL3 or later GNU MPFR - Library for arbitrary-precision floating-point arithmetic. GNU LGPL3 or later or GNU LGPL2.1 or later (until version 2.4.x) GNU MPRIA - Portable mathematics library for multi-precision rational interval arithmetic. GNU GPL3 or later GSL - The GNU Scientific Library; a sophisticated numerical library. GNU GPL3 igraph - Library for creating and manipulating large graphs. GNU GPL2 KISS FFT - Very simple fast Fourier transform library. 3-clause BSD LAPACKE - C interface to LAPACK. 3-clause BSD PARI/GP - Computer algebra system for number theory; includes a compiler to C. GNU GPL2.1 or later PETSc - Suite of data structures and routines for scalable parallel solution of scientific applications modelled by partial differential equations. FreeBSD PROB - Library that handles various discrete and continuous probability density functions. GNU LGPL3 Yeppp! - Very fast, SIMD-optimized mathematical library. 3-clause BSD Parallel Programming cchan - Small library for channel constructs for inter-thread communication. Public Domain ck - Concurrency primitives, safe memory reclamation mechanisms and non-blocking data structures. FreeBSD mill - Go-style concurrency in C. X11 libdill - Structured concurrency in C. X11 MPICH - Another implementation of MPI. MPICH licence OpenMP - Set of C pragmas designed to allow for easy parallelization of code. 3-clause BSD OpenMPI - Message passing interface implementation. 3-clause BSD pth - Portable implementation for non-preemptive priority-based scheduling for multiple threads of execution. GNU GPL3 or later pthreads - The POSIX thread library. SLEPc - Software library for the solution of large, sparse eigenvalue problems on parallel computers. GNU LGPL3 TinyCThread - Portable, small implementation of the C11 threads API. zlib Parsers hammer - Parser combinators for binary formats. GNU GPL2.1 iniparser - Parser for .ini files. Expat libconfini - Yet another INI parser. GNU GPL3 or later libYAML - YAML 1.1 parser and emitter. Expat mpc - Parser combinator library. FreeBSD libucl - Universal configuration library parser. FreeBSD Regex "Some people, when confronted with a problem, think 'I know, I'll use regular expressions'. Now they have two problems." - Jamie Zawinski. PCRE - Implementation of regexes identical to that of Perl 5. 3-clause BSD regexp4 - Simple and complete implementation of regular expressions with its own sintax. GNU GPL3 or later SLRE - Super Light Regular Expression library; a very small implementation of a subset of Perl regex syntax. GNU GPL2.1 sregex - Non-backtracking NFA/DFA-based Perl-compatible regex engine library. 3-clause BSD TRE - POSIX-compliant, feature-full regex library. FreeBSD Serialization binn - Binary serialization format meant to be compact, fast and easy-to-use. Apache 2.0 c-capnproto - Implementation of the Cap'n Proto serialization protocol. Expat cmp - Implementation of the MessagePack serialization protocol. Expat libavro - C implementation of the Avro data serialization system. Apache 2.0 mpack - Another implementation of the MessagePack serialization protocol. Expat netstring-c - Netstring encoder and decoder. Public Domain protobuf-c - Implementation of Google Protocol Buffer in C. FreeBSD xdr - External Data Representation; a standard for data serialization. Check also: JSON, XML Source Code Collections This contains collections of small source code. If you want something big and integrated, check the Frameworks section. CCAN - Modelled after Perl's CPAN, this is a big collection of C code that does stuff. The full list is here. clib - Something of a package manager for C. Comes with a bunch of libraries of its own. Expat gnulib - Collection of common GNU code. libdjb - Collection of libraries doing various things. (Apparently) Public Domain Standard Libraries This contains standard C libraries. Bionic - Google's C standard library, developed for Android. 3-clause BSD dietlibc - C standard library designed for the smallest possible binaries. GNU GPL2.1 glibc - The GNU C Library; an implementation of the C standard library. GNU LGPL2.1 musl - Standard C library, compatible with POSIX 2008 and C11. Designed for static linking. Expat String Manipulation bstrlib - The Better String Library. 3-clause BSD and GNU GPL2.1 ICU - International Components for Unicode; a library for Unicode support. ICU license libunistring - Library for manipulating Unicode strings in C. GNU LGPL3 libgiconv - Text conversion library. GNU LGPL2.1 (library) or GNU GPL3 (*iconv* program) SDS - Simple Dynamic Strings; a library for handling C strings in a simpler way, but one that is compatible with normal C string functions. Available via clib. FreeBSD shoco - Compressor for small text strings. Expat smaz - Efficient string compression library. 3-clause BSD utf8.h - Single header utf8 string functions. Unlicense utf8proc - Small, clean library for processing UTF-8 Unicode data. License Testing CHEAT - Very simple unit testing framework. FreeBSD Check - Unit testing framework for C. GNU LGPL2.1 CMock - Mock/stub generator for C. Expat cmocka - Unit testing framework with support for mock objects. Apache 2.0 Criterion - KISS, non-intrusive C test framework. Expat CUnit - Another unit testing framework for C. GNU LGPL2.0 Cutest - Library for unit testing with memory leak detection (Linux, freeBSD and Windows). GPL2 minunit - Minimal unit testing framework for C. Expat munit - Small but full-featured unit testing framework for C with no dependencies. MIT Unity - Simple unit testing framework for C. Expat Text Editor Extensions While practically any decent programmer's text editor supports C, there are some extensions that make it more pleasant. This is categorized by editor. Atom linter-clang - Lint C code in Atom, using Clang. MIT linter-gcc - Lint C code in Atom, using GCC. MIT Emacs CEDET - Collection of Emacs Development Environment Tools; designed to provide IDE-like features to Emacs. Built-in. GNU GPL3 or later Flycheck - Modern syntax checking. For C, it can use either GCC or Clang as a back-end. GNU GPL3 or later Yasnippet - Template system, with C templates for common code snippets. GNU GPL3 or later Vim Syntastic - Syntax checking and linting. Do What The Fuck You Want To license YouCompleteMe - Code completion engine for Vim. GNU GPL3 Tools This is a list of useful programs to help you write and debug C code which are not editors, libraries or compilers. Artistic Style - Fast and small automatic source code formatter that supports C. GNU LGPL3 address-sanitizer - Fast memory error detector. Apache 2.0 biicode - Modern dependency manager for C. Expat c - Compile and execute C "scripts" in one go on the command line. Also has shebang support. Expat c99sh - Run C files using hash-bang. FreeBSD CBMC - C Bounded Model Checker; a tool for verification of array bounds, pointer safety and user-specified assertions. Original BSD cdecl - Online service to translate C declarations into English and vice versa. Public Domain cinclude2dot - Graphs include dependencies in a C project using Graphviz. Any GNU GPL version (due to underspecification in the file) Complexity - Tool for measuring the complexity of C source code. GNU GPL3 or later CScout - Source code analyzer and refactoring browser for collections of C programs. GNU GPL3 DDD - Graphical front-end for a range of command-line debuggers. GNU GPL3 or later GDB - The GNU Project debugger; a debugger for C. GNU GPL3 or later Glade - RAD tool to enable quick development of GTK+ GUIs. GNU GPL2.1 GMSL - GNU Make Standard Library; a collection of additional functionality for GNU Make. 3-clause BSD GNU Global - Source code tagging tool which works with C. GNU GPL3 gprof - Performance analysis tool. Part of GNU binutils. GNU GPL3 or later Highlight - Converts source code to formatted text with nice highlighting. GNU GPL3 include-what-you-use - Helps find unecessary inclusions and make suggestions for fixing them. Based on LLVM/Clang (and only works with it). NCSA indent - Formats C source code automatically to make it easier to read. Also converts from one style of source to another. GNU GPLv3 or later rr - Debugger that records non-deterministic executions to allow for deterministic debugging. FreeBSD tup - Very fast, file-based, cross-platform build system. GNU GPL2.1 unifdef - Removes #ifdef and #if directives with their delimited text without touching any other part of the file. 3-clause BSD and FreeBSD Valgrind - Range of dynamic analysis tools, including a leak checker. GNU GPL2.1 Utilities This is a 'catch-all' category for anything that doesn't fit well anywhere else. ApeTagLibs - C library for working with APEv2 tags. Expat bfd - Library for manipulating binary object files. Part of GNU binutils. GNU GPL3 or later cf4ocl - The C Framework for OpenCL; a cross-platform object-oriented framework for developing and benchmarking OpenCL projects. GNU LGPL3 (library) or GNU GPL3 (project code) CommonMark - C implementation of the CommonMark spec. Various Licenses CException - C implementation of exceptions. Expat docopt.c - C implementation of a command-line option parser. Expat dyncall - Another foreign function interface library. Expat FANN - Fast Artifical Neural Network library; an implementation of neural networks. GNU GPL2.1 Firm - C library that provides a graph-based intermediate representation, optimizations and assembly code generation suitable for use in compilers. Comes with an example C front-end under the same license. GNU LGPLv2.1 Genann - Simple neural network library in C. Zlib gjrand - Library of random-number generation routines. GNU GPL2.1 or GNU GPLv3 GNU FreeIPMI - In-band and out-of-band IPMI implementation. GNU GPL3 GNU gperf - Perfect hash function generator, given a list of strings. Outputs C code. GNU GPL3 or later GNU Libffcall - Collection of libraries for building foreign function interfaces. GNU GPL3 or later gperftools - Collection of utilities for measuring and improving performance. 3-clause BSD huffandpuff - Minimal Huffman encoder and decoder. Public Domain kdtree - Simple library for working with KD-trees. 3-clause BSD Kitsune - Efficient, general-purpose framework for dynamic software updating. GNU LGPL3 or later libavl - Library containing a range of self-balancing binary trees. GNU GPL3 or later libbson - BSON utility library. Apache 2.0 libCello - Library introducing higher-level programming to C. 3-clause BSD libffi - Portable foreign-function interface library. Expat libgit2 - Pure C implementation of Git. GNU GPL2 only, with a linking exception libimobiledevice - Cross-platform protocol library to communicate with iThings. GNU LGPLv2.1 or later (library) or GNU GPL2.1 or later (tools) libnfc - Platform-independent Near-Field Communication library. GNU LGPL3 libPhenom - Deprecated, here for archival purposes. Eventing framework for building high-scalability and high-performance systems. Apache 2.0 ncurses - Coloured terminal UI library. GNU GPL3 or later nope.c - C-language-based, ultra-light software platform for scalable server-side and networking applications (think node.js for C programmers). GNU GPL2.1 pbc - Protocol buffers library. Expat rabbitmq-c - Client library for RabbitMQ. Expat Ragel - DSL for state machines that compiles to C. GNU GPL2.1 Tinyexpr - Tiny recursive-descent parser, compiler and evaluation engine for simple mathematical expressions. zlib uthash - Hash table implementation, allowing existing structures to be stored in a hash table easily. 1-clause BSD cpu_features - A cross platform C99 library to get cpu features at runtime. Apache 2.0 pblog - Small, low overhead, structured logging library intended for logging formware events.Apache 2.0 libelf - ELF object file access library in C. GNU GPL2.1 mcpp - Portable C preprocessor. 2-clause BSD libusb - Generic access to USB devices. LGPL2.1 alsa-lib - Userspace library to interact with ALSA. LGPL2.1 Capstone - Dissasembly/disassembler framework. BSD 3-clause XML "XML is crap. Really. There are no excuses. XML is nasty to parse for humans, and it's a disaster to parse even for computers. There's just no reason for that horrible crap to exist." - Linus Torvalds Expat - Stream-oriented XML parser. Expat libxml2 - Standards-compliant, portable XML parser. Expat mini-xml - Small XML reading and writing library. No dependencies aside from C standard library. Apache 2.0 with exceptions About Continuing the development of awesome-c list on GitHub Topics c list awesome awesome-list Resources Readme License View license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 3.6k stars Watchers 182 watching Forks 359 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 41 + 27 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.