GitHub - sellisd/awesome-complexity: An awesome list of complex systems science resources Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert sellisd / awesome-complexity Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 15 Star 207 An awesome list of complex systems science resources License CC0-1.0 license 207 stars 15 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights sellisd/awesome-complexity mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History59 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows .gitignore.gitignore LICENSE.mdLICENSE.md README.mdREADME.md _config.yml_config.yml contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Complexity A curated list of resources related to complex systems, the scientific field studying systems with multiple interacting parts and emergent properties. Contents Concepts Scientific Journals Blogs/Journals Societies/Communities Organizations Models Software Freely to use or open source Proprietary Other Resources Books Concepts Attractor - A trajectory in the state space of a system in which it tends to evolve towards. Autopoiesis - The ability of a system to create and maintain itself. Chaos - Theory of chaotic systems. Complexity - The subject of complex systems science. Developmental Systems Theory - Theoretical perspective on biological development, heredity, and evolution. Dissipative System - A thermodynamically open system far from thermodynamic equilibrium. Distributed Control - A control system without a central supervisor. Edge of Chaos - The transition zone between order and disorder. Emergence - The whole is greater than the sum of the parts. Fractal - Self-similar structure. Hysteresis - Dependence of the state of a system on its history. Holon - System that is both a whole and a part. Network/Graph - Network with non-trivial topological features. Phase Transition - Transition between states of matter. Robustness - Ability to tolerate perturbations. Self-Organization - The process where form arises from local interactions between parts of an initially disordered system. Simulation - Imitation of the operation of a real-world process or system. Scientific Journals Complexity - Cross-disciplinary journal about complex adaptive systems (open access). Blogs/Journals The Systems Thinker - Articles with a systems perspective on various topics. Complexity Digest - News feed on complexity. Fractal forums - Forum and discussion community about fractals. Societies/Communities Complex Systems Society - Scientific society for the study of complex systems. Complexity research - Informal slack community for keeping up to date with new findings in complex systems research. Complexity Adventures - Complexity community of practice (formerly known as Complexity Weekend). Organizations New England Complex Systems Institute (NECSI) - Independent academic research and educational institution. The Vermont Complex Systems Center - Research and educational center (University of Vermont). Santa Fe Institute - Independent research and education center. Institut rhônalpin des systèmes complexes - IXXI - Research center (ENS Lyon). Waterloo Institute for Complexity & Innovation (WICI) - Research center (University of Waterloo). Institut des Systèmes Complexes - Paris Ile-de-France (ISC-PIF) - An inter-institutional organization (CNRS unit) on complex systems research. Models Boids - Emergent flocking behavior. Craig Reynolds' Boids page - The creator's webpage with lots of links to multiple implementations. Cellular automata - Discrete compuation model. Elementary cellular automaton - One-dimensional cellular automata. Game of Life - Two-dimensional cellular automaton with emergent life-like patterns. ConwayLife - Community for game-of-life and similar simulations. golly - State-of-the-art simulator. Lenia - Continuous generalization of the game of life. Double pendulum - Chaotic motion. Kuramoto model - Synchronization. Barabási–Albert (BA) model - Algorithm for generating random graphs with preferential attachment. Schelling's model - Agent-based model for segregation. Ising model - Simple model that can show phase transitions. Reaction-diffusion - Self-organization and pattern formation model. Abelian sandpile model - Model showing self-organized criticality. Software Freely to use or open source NetLogo - Multi-agent modeling environment based on the LOGO language. It comes with a very large library of toy models. Simulus - ABM library in Python. Swarm - A platform for agent-based models written in Objective-C, models are coded in Java or Objective-C. Repast - Agent-based modeling and simulation platforms, models coded in C++ and Java. MASON - Multiagent simulation library core in Java. HASH - Graph and agent simulation platform. Hybrid Automata Library - Java library for hybrid modeling combining agent-based and partial-differential equation components. Proprietary Stella - Modelling and interactive simulations. Ventity/Vensim - Simulation software. Cosmo Tech platform - Digital twins simulator software. Other Resources Complexity Explorer - Educational site with news/blog. Map of Complex systems History - An impressive overview of the evolution of complex systems thinking. Stanford Complexity Group - YouTube channel with videos from the group's events. Awesome Network Analysis - Resources for analysis of network data. Complexity Explained - Interactive educational website. Books Wiener, N. (2016). Cybernetics or control and communication in the animal and the machine. - The book introduced the term cybernetics to describe a self-regulation mechanism. Scheffer, M. (2009). Critical transitions in nature and society. Princeton, N.J: Princeton University Press. - A nicely written and accessible description of the critical transition and related concepts. Nicolis, G., Basios, V., & (Firm), W. S. (2015). Chaos, information processing and paradoxical games: the legacy of John S. Nicolis. Singapore; Hackensack, N.J.: World Scientific Pub. Co. - An edited volume of studies honoring the legacy of John Nicolis contribution to complex systems. Newman, M. E. J. (2010). Networks: an introduction. Oxford; New York: Oxford University Press. - A comprehensive introduction to network science. Mitchell, S. D. (2013). Unsimple truths: science, complexity, and policy. Chicago: Univ. of Chicago Press. - The book introduces the perspective of integrative puralism as a way of understanding and studying the world. Maturana, H. R., & Varela, F. J. (2008). The tree of knowledge: the biological roots of human understanding. Boston: Shambhala. - The book is an exposition of the non-representational vew of knowledge. Mandelbrot, B. (2006). The fractal geometry of nature. New York: W.H. Freeman and Company. - Beautiful introduction to the world of fractals. Kauffman, S. (2014). At Home in the Universe The Search for the Laws of Self-Organization and Complexity. Cary: Oxford University Press, USA. - The book introduces in an accessible way the influence of concepts such as self-organization and the edge of chaos. Gros, C. (2015). Complex and adaptive dynamical systems: a primer. Cham: Springer. - Technical and accessible introduction to a number of important concepts in complex systems science. Downey, A. (2012). Think complexity. Needham, Massachusetts: Green Tea Press. - A hands-on approach exploring complex systems models with Python. Boccara, N. (2014). Modeling complex systems. Springer-Verlag New York. - An overview of important mathematical models of complex systems. Barrat, A., Barthelemy, M., & Vespignani, A. (2013). Dynamical processes on complex networks. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press - Dynamic models on complex networks. About An awesome list of complex systems science resources Topics awesome awesome-list complex-systems Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 207 stars Watchers 6 watching Forks 15 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 3 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.