GitHub - ConstructCommunity/awesome-construct: A curated list of tools, tutorials, examples, and much more, for the awesome game development engines Construct 2 and Construct 3 Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert ConstructCommunity / awesome-construct Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 20 Star 79 A curated list of tools, tutorials, examples, and much more, for the awesome game development engines Construct 2 and Construct 3 License CC0-1.0 license 79 stars 20 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights ConstructCommunity/awesome-construct mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History87 Commits.github.github .gitignore.gitignore .travis.yml.travis.yml CODE_OF_CONDUCT.mdCODE_OF_CONDUCT.md CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md c2vsc3.mdc2vsc3.md package.jsonpackage.json View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Construct You can create the game of your dreams. Build brain tickling puzzles, stunning platformers and immersive RPGs - or break the mould and make something new. Create what you want, how you want with Construct. — Ashley (Scirra Founder) A curated list of the best tools, tutorials and examples related to the Construct game engine on all its versions. How to contribute? Contents Scirra Community Made With Construct Hosting Export Addons Tools Addon Development YouTube Channels Learning Teaching Useful Links Scirra Official Scirra channels. Forums Reddit Twitter Bluesky Facebook Community Community supported channels. Discord Server Bluesky List Bluesky Starter Pack Made With Construct Games on Steam - List of Steam games made with the engine. Games on itch.io - List of itch.io games made with the engine. Games made with Construct - A website that list all the games made with the engine. Games shared on Twitter - Tweets using the #MadeWithConstruct hashtag. Hosting itch.io - Platform where to host, showcase, promote or sell your games - Free. GameJolt - Similar platform to itch.io, with a focus on social communities and gamification - Free. GitHub Pages - Platform where to host an exported game as a static website - Free. Surge - Platform where to host an exported game as a static website - Free/Paid. Vercel - Platform where to host an exported game as a static website or cloud functions - Free/Paid. Netlify - Platform where to host an exported game as a static website - Free/Paid. Export Construct 3 Chowdren - Blazingly fast runtime for Clickteam Fusion and Scirra Construct. Pipelab - Fully automated export pipeline. Construct 2 AppPlayer-Electron - Preview apps/games in an Electron prebuilt exe - as if Electron were a normal browser! Currently Windows only, but soon™ for Mac and Linux. Neo NW - Easily setup exporting for the latest version of NW.js, replacing the outdated "NW.js for Construct 2" installer. Addons Construct 3 piranha305's Addons - Plugins and Behaviors. Master Pose's Addons - Plugins, Behaviors and Themes. Construct 2 Kyatric's Plugins - Plugins and Behaviors. Kyatric's Effects - WebGL Effects. skwp's Plugins - Ported Construct 3 Plugins to Construct 2. skwp's Behaviors - Ported Construct 3 Behaviors to Construct 2. Tools Construct 2 Rex's Plugins Tool - The personal addon manager of Rex Rainbow. Addon Development Construct 3 Construct Addon SDK - Scirra's official SDK to develop plugins. C3IDE2-cli - C3IDE succesor framework. C3 Framework - Automated addon development. Lost Framework - Easy making of addons. Construct 2 C3IDE - IDE for addon development. Fábio Smuu - SDK Plugins. YouTube Channels ScirraVideos - Official Scirra's YouTube channel. Construct 3 AJ Ordaz - Successful Construct developer shares his experiences. FoozleCC - In-depth showcases of addons and features. Game Design with Reilly - Explaining every detail of the engine. Marcos Game Dev - Tutorials & more. Master Pose - Spanish tutorials, top lists & news. Pens 'N' Pixels - Devlogs of indie developer. Lessis Games - Devlogs of an indie developer. Vimlark - Indie developer influencer who mainly uses Construct. Construct 2 ArcadEdGames - YouTube channel about making all sort of stuff. Diego Lizarazo - Random Construct tutorials stuff. Jerementor - Extensive library of tutorials. GameDev - General tutorials. Gamer Z - General tutorials. Learning Series / Courses Construct 3 Marcos Game Dev: Plataforma Gostosinho - Técnicas de Polimento - It all started with one question: 'Can you polish a game without adding new art?' The 'Plataforma Gostosinho' series answers this by transforming a basic platformer into a game that is fun to play in Construct 3! Rafael Trigo's Tutorials - List of Construct 3 tutorials. Construct 2 English Acorn: Editor - General tutorials about the editor interface. English Acorn: Plugins and Objects - Tutorials about plugins and how they work inside the Editor. John Maksym's Tutorials - General tutorials. Lee Stemkoski: Breakout Clone - Learn how to create a Brakeout game. Let's Make Games: PONG - Tutorials on how to create a Pong clone. Let's Make Games: ASTEROIDS - Tutorials on how to create an Asteroids clone. Let's Make Games: Flappy Bird - Tutorials on how to create a Flappy Bird clone. LividProductions: Platformer Series - This series will teach you how to make a platformer. Nicholas Dingle's Tutorials - Number of tutorials covering different games you can create and different tricks. Marcos Game Dev: Curso Metroidvania 1.0 - The version 1.0 of the Metroidvania Course, recorded in 2018, is now free! Follow the lessons to create your own metroidvania in Construct! Marcos Game Dev: Curso Beat'em Up - Create an amazing beat'em up with combos, local 4-player multiplayer, multiple enemies, and more in Construct! Not recommended for beginners. Marcos Game Dev: Criando Roguelike - Learn to create a roguelike with RANDOM LEVEL GENERATION, multiple enemies, and a complete platformer character! NOT recommended for beginners. Marcos Game Dev: Super Mario Bros. - Learn how to create Super Mario Bros. mechanics in Construct, faithfully recreated from the NES classic! Marcos Game Dev: Recriando Megaman X - Learn to create Megaman X mechanics like the iconic X-buster, intense boss battles, and special powers in Construct! Detailed, intermediate-level videos (with some advanced content). Marcos Game Dev: Criando Menu Principal - Learn to create a main menu that works for almost any game (focus on desktop). Includes fullscreen/window mode, control mapping, language switch, audio settings, and more. thenewboston: Game Development w/ Construct - The official playlist for thenewboston Game Development. thenewboston: Platform Game Development - Official playlist for thenewboston Platform Game Development. thenewboston: Physics Puzzle Game Development - The official playlist for thenewboston Physics Puzzle Game Development Tutorials. TodaysTuts: Behaviors - Tutorials about Behaviors. Udemy: Creating a Pixel Platformer in HTML5! - By the end, you will have gone from beginner to advanced in no time! (Free) Other Sources Construct 3 How To Construct Demo - Construct 2 & Construct 3 example demos. Construct 2 FAQ - The all frequently asked questions megrathread. Level Zero - Complete book on how to make games. Teaching Construct 3 Level Up - The Educator's Edition - The ideal companion for anyone using Construct in the classroom. Construct 3 Starter Curriculum - Free starter curriculum for Construct aimed at teaching students the basics of Computer Science. Useful Links About A curated list of tools, tutorials, examples, and much more, for the awesome game development engines Construct 2 and Construct 3 Topics awesome tutorial engine game-development construct construct2 awesome-list platform-game itch construct3 general-tutorials making-games games-showcase Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Custom properties Stars 79 stars Watchers 7 watching Forks 20 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Sponsor this project https://paypal.me/armaldio Learn more about GitHub Sponsors Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 10 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.