GitHub - jyguyomarch/awesome-conversational-ai: A curated list of delightful Conversational AI resources. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert jyguyomarch / awesome-conversational-ai Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 9 Star 218 A curated list of delightful Conversational AI resources. License CC0-1.0 license 218 stars 9 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights jyguyomarch/awesome-conversational-ai mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History25 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Conversational AI A curated list of delightful Conversational AI resources to help you dive in and create awesome chatbots or digital assistants. Contents Books and Papers Clients Conversational UX Natural Language Understanding Platforms Books and Papers An Annotated Reading List of Conversational AI - An annotated list of mostly academic papers on all the topics around Conversational AI. Created in 2018. Designing Bots - This practical guide shows you how to design and build great conversational experiences and delightful bots that help people be more productive. Designing Voice User Interfaces - Whether you are designing a mobile app, a toy, or a device such as a home assistant, this practical book guides you through basic VUI design principles, helps you choose the right speech recognition engine, and shows you how to measure your VUI's performance and improve upon it. Clients Alexa - Deploy your chatbot or virtual assistant as a skill to Amazon's cloud-based voice service Alexa. LINE - Connect your chatbot to LINE and make use of their bot designer for prototyping needs. Messenger - Enhance your Facebook Page experience by adding a chatbot through Messenger. MS Teams - Make us of the MS Teams bot SDK and framework to turn your chatbot into an MS Teams app. Slack - Reach your end users where they work by deploying your chatbot to Slack. Telegram - Make use of the Telegram Bot API to easily connect your chatbot to Telegram. WhatsApp - Use WhatsApp Business Platform APIs to connect bots with customers. Conversational UX Conversation Design Institute - An institute, first of its kind (as far as I know), offering courses, certifications, and an annual conference on Conversational Design. Creating AI Conversations Panel Series - Creating AI Conversations is a series of panel discussions that delve into the thinking, research, and process around crafting the personalities, conversations, and interactions of AI entities with people. Organized by Stanford MediaX. SAP Conversational Experience Design - SAP Conversational Experience Design (SAP CxD) is a design language for enterprise conversational products. It provides guidelines and tools for designing conversational products that integrate seamlessly across business applications. Voicebot.ai - Provides in one place the most important news, commentary, research, and analysis of voice technology. Voiceflow - A conversation design tool for teams to design, prototype and launch voice & chat assistants. Natural Language Understanding Awesome Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing - A curated list of resources dedicated to Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing. Awesome Machine Learning - A curated list of awesome machine learning frameworks, libraries, and software (by language). Awesome Natural Language Generation - A curated list of resources dedicated to Natural Language Generation. Awesome NLP - A curated list of resources dedicated to Natural Language Processing. Awesome NLP with Ruby - A curated list of resources dedicated to Natural Language Processing and text processing for Ruby. The NLP Index - The NLP Index, a free and open-source code discovery tool, houses over 3000+ code repos. It includes the arxiv research paper PDF, ConnectedPapers link, and its GitHub repo. Platforms Amazon Lex - An AWS service for building conversational interfaces for applications using voice and text. Chai - Open-source platform for developers to build chatbots using Python and deploy them to the Chai mobile app. Dasha - Conversational AI platform as a service with a strong focus on voice. Dialogflow - Lifelike Conversational AI with state-of-the-art virtual agents by Google. OpenDialog - OpenDialog enables you to design, develop and deploy conversational applications. Offers an open-source version and an Enterprise edition. Rasa - A platform to create virtual assistants at scale. Offers an open-source version and an Enterprise edition. SAP Conversational AI - An end-to-end chatbot building platform from SAP. Comes with a free Community edition and an Enterprise edition. About A curated list of delightful Conversational AI resources. Topics list awesome ai chatbot nlu awesome-list conversational-ai digital-assistant Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 218 stars Watchers 11 watching Forks 9 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.