GitHub - jonathandion/awesome-emails: ✉️ An awesome list of resources to build better emails. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert jonathandion / awesome-emails Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 220 Star 2.5k ✉️ An awesome list of resources to build better emails. 2.5k stars 220 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 6 Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights jonathandion/awesome-emails masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History192 Commits.github.github README.mdREADME.md contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADME AWESOME EMAILS ✉ ✨ A collection of awesome frameworks, templates, tools, workflows and many more to build better emails. Table of Contents Frameworks React Misc Cheatsheets Templates Tools Services Self-Hosted Services Articles Inspirations Statistics Design Testing Learning Frameworks React React Email - A collection of high-quality, unstyled components for creating beautiful emails using React and TypeScript. Mailing - Build emails in React, send from anywhere. JSX-email - JSX Mail is an email framework that uses React to create email templates. Misc MJML - MJML is a markup language designed to reduce the pain of coding a responsive email. Foundation for Emails - Quickly create responsive HTML emails that work on any device & client. Even Outlook. Email Framework - The HTML email framework developed to help you build responsive HTML email. HEML - HEML is an open source markup language for building responsive email. Acorn - A responsive email framework based on a golden ratio typography grid. Pine - A 12 column grid, responsive email framework. Maizzle - Quickly build HTML emails with Tailwind CSS. Cheatsheets Rico's cheatsheet - Rico's cheatsheet for HTML email. Templates Cerberusemail - Patterns for Responsive HTML Email Templates. Responsive templates - Free HTML templates from EmailOctopus, usable with any provider. Campaign - Compose responsive email templates easily, fill them with models, and send them out. Sendwithus - Open source email templates. Mailchimp Email Blueprints - Email Blueprints is a collection of HTML email templates that can serve as a solid foundation and starting point for the design of emails. Campaign Monitor Templates - Easily create beautiful, branded email marketing campaigns. Responsive Transactional HTML Email Templates - Each template is responsive and each has been tested in all the popular email clients. Cerberus - Few responsive email patterns. Antwort - Antwort offers responsive layouts for Email that both fits and adapts to client widths. Responsive HTML Template - This template is designed to work on all major email platforms and it is built with media query, making it responsive for smartphones that supports media query. HTML Email Templates - Responsive HTML email templates for Startups & SaaS. Free Responsive template : Slate - Five pre-tested templates that work with any mailing service. Grunt Email Boilerplate - A Grunt template to create emails. Responsive Email Patterns - A collection of patterns & modules for responsive emails. Email boilerplate - The email boilerplate for sending out nicely formatted messages. htmlemail - Responsive HTML email templates for startups & developers. Postmark Transactional Email Templates - Rock-solid email templates for applications. Stripo - Rich set of responsive, interactive beautiful email templates with Stripo. Postcards - Design responsive email templates online without coding knowledge. Lee Munroe's Grunt Email Design - A Grunt workflow for designing and testing responsive HTML email templates with SCSS. Tools Can I Email - Can I email… Support tables for HTML and CSS in emails. Topol - Create stunning responsive HTML e-mails in a minute. MJML Desktop App - MJML official desktop app. Rollover - Generates code for a Rollover Image that displays an alternative image when the email recipient hovers the cursor over the image. Bulletproof Email Buttons - Design gorgeous buttons using progressively enhanced VML and CSS. Bulletproof Background Images - Create rock-solid background images for your HTML email with some help from VML and CSS. Stripo.email - Online drag-n-drop and HTML email builder to create professional and responsive email templates fast without any HTML skills. MySigMail Card - A free drag & drop builder helps you create email templates intuitively and very quickly. TestSubject - Test How Your Email Subject Lines Appear On The Most Popular Mobile Devices. MailSpice analytics - Email analytics add-on for all email services that provides deep insights into all of your email campaigns (works with all ESPs). Alter.email - A free tool to help you inline CSS, remove unused CSS, clean up your text, add extra attributes to tags, add URL tracking parameters, minify, and even prettify HTML email. Sensitive Subjects - Never send an embarrassing subject line! Detergent - A tool to prepare the text for pasting into HTML: removes invisible Unicode characters (like ETX which can come from PSD files), encodes special characters (like turning £ into &pound;) and improves typography. EmailComb - Email-friendly unused CSS removal tool which does not parse and thus accepts mixed sources, including your ESP templating tags. Extras: CSS uglification and HTML/CSS minification (powered by HTML Crush). HTML Crush - Email-friendly HTML minifier: limits lines to 500 chars. (best practice), respects Outlook conditional tags and accepts mixed sources, including ESP templating tags. Optionally, can only remove indentations (not touching line breaks). Tabifier - Opposite of HTML Crush - a tool to beautify the indentation in HTML files. Works with mixed input sources, including your ESP templating tags. Email Link Builder - Make mailto links that open email drafts with prefilled Recipients, Subject, Body and more. email-verifier - A tool for email verification without sending any emails. DevMail - An email sandbox for software developers. Capture emails from your dev, staging, QA, or CI environment. Disposable Email Check API - A free API for checking if an email address is disposable. No sign up required. Services Resend - Build, test, and send transactional emails at scale. EmailOctopus - Email marketing made easy. Mailchimp - MailChimp provides email marketing for more than 15 million people globally. Mailjet - all-in-one Email Services Provider that allows businesses to send Marketing, Transaction Email and Email Automation. Mailscribe Mailmaker - AI-powered email marketing platform that allows to design email with built-in components. Campaign monitor - Campaign Monitor makes it easy for you to create, send, and optimize your email marketing campaigns. Sendgrid - Delivering your transactional and marketing email through one reliable platform. Postal - A fully featured open source mail delivery platform for incoming & outgoing e-mail. SparkPost - Your application’s emails: Delivered on time and to the inbox. Mautic - Mautic Marketing Automation. Build smarter campaigns – and build them faster – with marketing automation that’s quick to learn, simple to use, and easy to iterate. Mailgun - Transactional Email API Service For Developers. eSputnik - eSputnik is a marketing automation system trusted by more than 30 thousand loyal customers worldwide to send more than a billion emails every month. Postmark - Lightning fast delivery for your application emails. Postmark delivers your transactional email to customers on time, every time. ImprovMX - Create free email aliases for your domain name. Reacher - Check if an email exists without sending any email. Written in Rust, 100% open-source. Kickbox - Email verification service (check an email exists). Forward Email - The 100% open-source and privacy-focused email service. Campaign Cleaner - The Ultimate Tool for Optimized, High-Performance Email Campaigns. ForwardMX - Premium email forwarding for your domain name. Heybounce - Email verification service that checks if an email exists and detects disposable emails. Self-Hosted Services Cloud Seeder - 1-click Install and Upgrade a Postfix+Dovecot or Stalwart mail server instance, hands free. iRedMail - Easy to install open source mail server solution. Mail-in-a-box - Lets you become your own mail service provider in a few easy steps. Mailcow - The mailserver suite with the 'moo'. An easy to use dockerized selfhosted email solution. Mailtrain - Self Hosted Newsletter App Built on Top of Nodemailer. Mautic - Mautic Marketing Automation. Build smarter campaigns – and build them faster – with marketing automation that’s quick to learn, simple to use, and easy to iterate. Modoboa - A solution to quickly deploy and manage a complete email server, compatible with latest standards and optimized for delivery and reputation protection. Poste.io - Complete mailserver built in one docker container. SimpleLogin - Self-hosted email alias solution. Articles My Wonderful HTML Email Workflow - My Wonderful HTML Email Workflow, using MJML and MDX for responsive emails. Email Design Workflow - An email design workflow by By Lee Munroe. Composing better emails - Tips for writing effective emails. Darylldoyle Gulp workflow - Gulp Email Creator is a gulp workflow inspired by Lee Munroe's grunt-email-design workflow. Html Email Development Workflow - A Typical Email Development Workflow by Sitepoint. Design CSS Support - A complete breakdown of the CSS support for every popular mobile, web and desktop email client on the planet. Email Template Guide - Using a modular email template system. Mail Servers Best Pratices - This guide is a brief summary of email best practices that we have learned from managing mail servers. Stylecampaign - I looked at the navigation of 50 responsive retail emails. Here is a breakdown of the patterns I discovered. Blogs EmailOctopus Blog Litmus Blog Stylecampaign Blog Myemma Blog Postmarkapp Blog Spently Blog Emailmonks Blog Stripo.email Blog - Email Marketing & Email Design Blog. HTML Email Blog Build Better Blog - Design and content production in email marketing. Email Design Blog - Articles, tutorial, inspiration for all email geeks. Resources Email marketing regulations - A guide to email marketing regulations around the world. Email toolbox - Hand-picked resources for email marketers and designers. Mailchimp - Super awesome resources from Mailchimp. Litmus Resources - Stay up to date with the latest email news and trends with Litmus resources. Campaign Monitor Resources - Campaign Monitor resources will turn you into an expert in no time. Campaign Monitor Dev Resources Mailchimp - Mailchimp Email Design Reference. Arstechnica - Tutorial on how to build your own email server. Mailmodo- Mega Email Template Library, from where you can get the template for free or customize your own Email Templates Inspirations Email Copy - Email copy from great companies. Really good emails Codepen Really good emails - The Best Email Designs in the Universe. TidyMails - The Email Newsletters' Universe. Milled The Top Email Campaigns - The most effective email marketing campaigns from Campaign Monitor. Htmlemaildesigns - Beautiful emails to help inspire your next email design. WhoSentWhat - We bring email newsletters from inbox to web Statistics Myemma Email Stats - 18 must-know stats for modern email marketers by Emma, Inc. Mailchimp Research - Mailchimp's researchers are constantly analyzing data to help you make the most of your email campaigns. Campaign Monitor 2015 Report - 2015 Report: The new rules of email marketing. Campaign Monitor 2016 Report - 2016 Report: Campaign Monitor 2016 Year in Review. Testing PutsMail - Free tool to test your HTML emails before sending them! Litmus - Test and track your emails with Litmus. Campaign Monitor - Test your design in all the different email client with Campaign Monitor. Grunt Litmus - Send email tests to Litmus with grunt. Gulp Litmus - Send email tests to Litmus with gulp. MailTrap - A Fake SMTP Server to Test, View and Share emails without spamming real customers. testmail.app - A fake SMTP server with unlimited mailboxes and a GraphQL API for automating end-to-end tests. MailHog A local fake SMTP server (based on Go). MailCatcher A local fake SMTP server (based on Ruby). Email Privacy Tester - A tool to test your email client's priacy features (loading remote content). Mail Tester - Test the spammyness of your emails. Mailsnag - Test email server for all of your SMTP needs - simulate delay and errors, preview and share emails, and more - all without sending emails to actual customers. Email Spam Tester - Free tool to check to see if your email will end up in the spam folder. Learning Responsive HTML Email Design - Responsive email course by Justine Jordan and Jason Rodriguez. Mastering HTML Email - This series of tutorials will take you through the fundamentals, exploring development techniques, workflow and design approaches. Building Responsive Email Templates with Ink - Building Responsive Email Templates with Ink. Litmus learning - Litmus learning resources. Contribution Suggestions and PRs are welcome! 🤙 If you want to contribute, please read the contribution guidelines. Check Also Awesome JS Books - This is a curated list of all the best JavaScript books. Web Configs - Monorepo for all common configurations for building web apps. My Neovim Config - Small Neovim configuration written in Lua that is specifically designed for web development. License About ✉️ An awesome list of resources to build better emails. Topics html awesome email email-marketing email-campaigns emails html-emails email-template responsive-email jdion Resources Readme Activity Stars 2.5k stars Watchers 66 watching Forks 220 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Sponsor this project Sponsor Learn more about GitHub Sponsors Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 48 + 34 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.