GitHub - zudochkin/awesome-newsletters: A list of amazing Newsletters Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert zudochkin / awesome-newsletters Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 329 Star 4k A list of amazing Newsletters zudochkin.github.io/awesome-newsletters/ 4k stars 329 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 11 Pull requests 2 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights zudochkin/awesome-newsletters masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History540 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows .gitignore.gitignore .markdownlint.yaml.markdownlint.yaml CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md README.mdREADME.md mlc_config.jsonmlc_config.json View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEA curated list of newsletters, awesome newsletters. Inspired by the awesome-* trend on GitHub. The goal is to build a categorized community-driven collection of very well-known resources. Sharing, suggestions and contributions are always welcome! Please take a look at the contribution guidelines first. Thanks to all contributors. Frontend General Web Development JavaScript React EmberJS VueJS Svelte Data Visualization CSS Design HTML5 SVG GraphQL Programming General Section ObjectiveC C# Node.js Swift Go R Ruby PHP Python Groovy Perl Elixir Clojure Haskell Elm Rust C/C++ Scala Java Kotlin Lua Open Source Git Editors Vim VSCode Databases PostgreSQL Redis NoSQL Backend Development Docker Devops Cloud Development Kubernetes Mobile Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning / Big Data Blockchain / Cryptocurrencies Technology in General Leadership Marketing Business/Finance Awesome news Resilience Security Entrepreneurship Miscellaneous License Frontend Front-end Front. Frontendfront Dev Tips. A developer tip, in the form of a gif, in your inbox each week. Friday Front-end. 15 great Front-end articles, tutorials, and announcements every Friday. Sections for CSS/SCSS, JavaScript, and other awesome stuff. Archive. Unreadit/Frontend. Best frontend development news sourced from the best subreddits. UI Dev Newsletter. A hand-curated list of articles, tutorials, opinions, and tools related to User Interface development. Frontend Snacks. Get weekly snacks - A code snippet to teach complex topics visually, latest frontend gossip/news and free career dev toolkit delivered fresh in your inbox. General Web Development Labnotes. A weekly email about software development, tech, and anything else interesting. Web Development Reading List. This Newsletter shares the latest articles in web development. JAMstacked. An email update on the evolving JAMstack ecosystem. FreeCodeCamp. Weekly selection of five articles, videos or entire courses from FreeCodeCamp learning platform. Codrops. Weekly news about qualitative new projects and libraries in web development and design. The Comet. Short. Concise. Blazing fast 🌠 A monthly free newsletter about WordPress and web development. Web Weekly. Weekly news about web dev fundamentals, new browser features and coding tools. Syntax Snack Pack. Bi-weekly web dev newsletter with curated links + news from the Syntax.fm podcast. JavaScript JavaScript Weekly. A free, once–weekly e-mail round-up of JavaScript news and articles. Archive. The Smashing Email Newsletter. Email newsletter twice a month with useful tips, tricks and resources for designers and developers. A Drip of JavaScript. One quick JavaScript tip, delivered to your inbox every other week. Web Tools Weekly. Web Tools Weekly is a front-end development and web design newsletter with a focus on tools. ES.next News. 5 ECMAScript.next links every week curated by Dr. Axel Raushmayer and Johannes Weber. Awesome JavaScript Newsletter. A collection of awesome browser-side JavaScript libraries, resources and shiny things. TypeScript Weekly. The best TypeScript links every week, right in your box. JSter. No nonsense list of curated JavaScript links to your mailbox once every two weeks. Subscribe. Best of JavaScript. Weekly rankings about the most popular open-source projects related to Node.js and the web platform. JavaScript Kicks. Curated list of the top-rated articles from the community of JavaScript developers sent weekly. Bytes. Become a smarter JavaScript developer. Staying informed on the JavaScript ecosystem has never been so entertaining. Delivered every Monday, for free. Deno Weekly. A weekly roundup of news, tutorials and projects from the land of Deno, the newest JavaScript runtime on the block. React This Week In React. Weekly newsletter for experienced React and React-Native developers. React Newsletter. The free, weekly newsletter of the best React.js news and articles. React Native Newsletter. Free occasional summary of React Native news, articles, issues & pull requests, libraries and apps. React Native Now. Hand picking the best React Native news, tutorials, libraries, articles, and videos. React Digest. A weekly newsletter for React developers with top 5 links. Archive. React Status. A weekly roundup of the latest React and React Native links and tutorials. Awesome React Newsletter. A weekly overview of the most popular React news, articles and libraries. Nextjs Weekly. A newsletter of the best Next.js articles, tools and projects. EmberJS The Ember Times. Updates from the Ember.js Learning Team. Ember Weekly. The latest Ember.js news, tips & code delivered directly to your inbox. VueJS Vue.js Newsletter. Weekly dose of handpicked Vue.js news. VueDose. Tips & tricks about the Vue ecosystem, for busy devs. Published weekly. Svelte Svelte News Weekly. A curated newsletter for Svelte enthusiasts with a weekly dose of handpicked news. Data Visualization Generative Collective. News, tutorials, articles and inspirations covering the generative / functional arts every Saturday morning. CSS CSS Weekly. Weekly e-mail roundup of css articles, tutorials, experiments and tools curated by Zoran Jambor. CSS-Tricks. signup is at the bottom of the page right under the Get the newsletter header!. CSS Layout News. A weekly collection of tutorials, news and information on all things CSS Layout. Tailwind Weekly. Weekly newsletter about all things TailwindCSS. Design Web Design Weekly. Just pure awesome links to the best news and articles to hit the interweb during the week. Sidebar. Five design-centric posts each day. Web Designer News. Curated stories for designers. Responsive Design Weekly. A free, once–weekly round-up of responsive design articles, tools, tips, tutorials and inspirational links. Alertbox E-Mail Newsletter. The latest articles about interface usability, website design, and UX research from the Nielsen Norman Group. UI Movement. Only the best UI design inspiration, right in your inbox. Designer News. Where the design community meets. Hack Design. An easy to follow design course for people who do amazing things. Hacking UI. Weekly hand-picked resources for front-end developers and product managers. eWebDesign. Latest web news and articles from industry experts. The UI Animation Newsletter. The UI Animation Newsletter keeps you up to date on the best web animation, motion design, and UX resources. Web Animation Weekly. A hand-picked selection of articles, videos, book reviews, and other goodies pertaining to the wonderful worlds of web animation and motion design! Design Systems News. Latest news, articles, repos, code, frameworks, videos and podcasts on Design Systems, Pattern Libraries and Styleguide. Archive. Designgest. Designgest is an easy way to get fresh information about interactive design trends. Unreadit/Design. Design inspiration and great design-related content sourced from the best subreddits. Figmalion. A biweekly curated newsletter about Figma. HTML5 FrontEnd Focus. A once–weekly HTML5 and Web Platform technology roundup. CSS 3, Canvas, WebSockets, WebGL, Native Client, and more. Gamedev.js Weekly. Weekly newsletter about HTML5 Game Development. Phaser World. Weekly newsletter as a summary of all the new content -game releases, tutorials, videos, etc- added to Phaser site over the last week. SVG SVG Weekly. A weekly email focused on Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG), sharing tutorials, tools, experiments, talks and data. GraphQL GraphQL Weekly. A weekly newsletter highlighting resources and news from the GraphQL community. Programming General Section The Coder Cafe. One concept for coders, every day. O’Reilly Programming Newsletter. Receive weekly Programming news and insights from industry insiders. Programming Digest. A carefully curated weekly newsletter for software engineers. Weekly Dev Tips. A weekly email each Wednesday with a new software development tip. Topics range from git to career to web development to personal development and teamwork. LLVM Weekly. A weekly newsletter covering developments in LLVM, Clang, and related projects. Discover dev. Weekly digest of the best engineering blogs from across the web. Archive. Programming Feedback for Advanced Beginners. Bi-weekly in-depth code-review related write-up. Active forks. A weekly newsletter for open source enthusiats with a list of repositories and their recently active forks. BaseClass. A fortnightly newsletter explaining fundamental computing topics in under 5 minutes. Docto Tech Life. A weekly newsletter featuring the latest Rails + Javascript + software engineering content. A Byte of Coding. A daily curated newsletter that features technical deep-dives on all things software engineering. Pointer. A window into what current and future CTOs are reading and thinking about. Super high quality engineering-related content only. Embedsys Weekly. A weekly selection of embedded software and hardware articles. Big Tech Digest. A manually curated newsletter aggregating the latest tech articles from Big Tech and startup engineering blogs for Software Engineers and AI/ML folks. Console. A free weekly email digest of the best tools for developers. Integration Digest. A monthly curated newsletter aggregating the latest news in API Management, iPaaS, ESB, integration frameworks, message brokers, etc. Grok. Free daily summary of the internet for software engineers. Archive Tech Talks Weekly. A free weekly newsletter that brings all the recently uploaded tech talks across +100 engineering conferences like Devoxx, NDC, GOTO, StrangeLoop, ... right into your inbox. Archive. CodeDegen Daily A daily, mostly free, No BS newsletter for programming information in general you'r just one click away. ObjectiveC ObjC. Free monthly issues covering the most important aspects of advanced iOS and OS X development. Awesome iOS Newsletter. A curated list of awesome iOS libraries, including Objective-C and Swift Projects. C# C# Digest. A carefully curated weekly newsletter for .NET developers. Awesome .Net Newsletter. A collection of awesome .Net libraries, tools & frameworks. ASP.NET Core News. A weekly newsletter about everything ASP.NET Core, Blazor, SignalR, and similar. C# Insights. A free, weekly newsletter for .NET developers, to stay up-to-date with the latest news, enhancements, tips and tricks in the world of C# and .NET development. Archive. Node.js Node Weekly. A free, once–weekly e-mail round-up of Node.js news and articles. npm Weekly. What we’re working on, thinking about, and talking about NPM Awesome Node.js Newsletter. A weekly overview of the most popular Node.js news, articles and packages. Node.js Security Newsletter. Everything in and around the Node.js security ecosystem, direct to your inbox. Swift Swift Newsletter. Code examples, tutorials, screencasts and much more to learn Apple’s new programming language. iOS Dev Weekly. The best iOS development links every week. Archive. Swift Weekly Brief. A community-driven weekly newsletter about Swift.org. Curated by Jesse Squires and published for free every Thursday. Awesome Swift Newsletter. A curated list of awesome swift libraries and resources. The Swift by Sundell. Introducing the Swift by Sundell monthly newsletter! iOS Goodies. Weekly iOS newsletter. Archive. Swift Developments. Weekly curated newsletter containing a hand picked selection of the latest links, videos, tools and tutorials for people interested in designing and developing their own iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS apps using Swift. iOS Dev Tools Newsletter. The best tools for iOS developers, updated weekly. Indie Watch. Weekly interviews with successful iOS & macOS developers about strategies and tips you can use to create profitable indie apps. Go Golang Weekly. A weekly newsletter about the Go programming language. Archive. Awesome Go Weekly. A weekly overview of the most popular Go news, articles and libraries. R R Weekly. Weekly updates about R and Data Science. R Weekly is openly developed on GitHub. Ruby Ruby Weekly. A free, once–weekly e-mail round-up of Ruby news and articles. Ruby Articles. Ruby posts by Thoughtbot Rails Weekly. Weekly inside scoop of interesting commits, pull requests and more from Rails, delivered to your inbox every Friday. Awesome Ruby Newsletter. A collection of awesome Ruby gems, tools, frameworks and software. Women on Rails Newsletter. A bi-monthly newsletter about Ruby on Rails and the web. Available in English, French, Spanish and Italian. Short Ruby Newsletter. A visual weekly newsletter about everything happening in Ruby world. ⚡️ Hotwire dev newsletter. A monthly newsletter on the Hotwire stack: Turbo (Native), Stimulus, and Strada articles, code, and courses. The RailsNotes Newsletter. The Ruby on Rails guides you wished you had — now as a weekly newsletter! PHP PHP Weekly. A free once-a-week newsletter, featuring some great articles, news and blog posts. Laravel News. Every week lots of tips, tutorials, and packages are released for Laravel. Awesome PHP Newsletter. A curated list of awesome PHP libraries and resources. Freek.dev. A bi weekly newsletter on modern PHP and Laravel. Laravel Daily Weekly tips and tricks from Laravel community. La semana PHP. A weekly collection of news, tutorials and information in Spanish about PHP and its ecosystem: Laravel, Symfony, WordPress, Drupal, ... Manually selected by Jesús Amieiro. Bootsity Newsletter. A free one-in-two-weeks newsletter curating great articles, videos and news. PHP Annotated Monthly. A free monthly newsletter containing latest news from the PHP community and the most interesting PHP articles from around the web. Archive Python Python Weekly. A free weekly newsletter featuring curated news, articles, new releases, jobs etc related to Python. PyCoder's Weekly. A free, weekly email newsletter for those interested in Python development and various topics around Python and the communi‍‍‍ty. Awesome Python Newsletter. A weekly overview of the most popular Python news, articles and packages. Data Science Simplified. A daily Python and data science snippet. Python Morsels Newsletter. One Python tip every week, sent on Wednesdays. Python Trending Weekly. A free weekly newsletter featuring noteworthy articles, tutorials, open-source projects, podcasts, videos, trending topics, and more. It is written in Chinese, but most of the shared links come from the English-speaking world. The Real Python Newsletter. Weekly programming and career tips for Python developers, including short & sweet "Python Tricks" code snippets. Groovy Groovy Weekly Newsletter. The latest releases, interesting articles, interviews, presentations, relevant tweets or Google+ posts, links to podcasts or screencasts, code snippets, books, upcoming events, and more. Perl Perl Weekly. A free, once a week e-mail round-up of hand-picked news and articles about Perl. Elixir Elixir Radar. A weekly email with blog posts, latest libraries, talks, events and job opportunities. Awesome Elixir Newsletter. A curated list of awesome Elixir and Erlang packages and resources. Archive. Clojure The REPL. A weekly newsletter about Clojure and ClojureScript. Clojure Morsels. Delicious Clojure(Script) morsels delivered fresh to your inbox every other week! Haskell Haskell Weekly. A free email newsletter about the Haskell programming language. Elm Elm Weekly. The wonderful world of the Elm programming language, in your inbox. Rust This Week in Rust. Stay up to date with events, learning resources, and recent developments in Rust community. Archive. Awesome Rust Newsletter. A curated list of Rust libraries and resources. Rust Bytes. A fun weekly newsletter keeping you informed about all things noteworthy in the world of The Rust Programming Language. C/C++ Awesome C++ Newsletter. A curated list of awesome C/C++ frameworks, libraries, resources, and shiny things. Scala Awesome Scala Newsletter. A community driven list of useful Scala libraries, frameworks and software. Java Awesome Java Newsletter. A curated list of awesome Java frameworks, libraries and software. Baeldung Weekly Review. Keep up-to-date with the main developments in the Java world through this weekly guide. Java Newsletter Insights. A Java newsletter contemplating Java content curated from dozens of sources. Kotlin Awesome Kotlin Newsletter. A weekly overview of the most popular Kotlin news, articles and libraries. Kotlin Weekly. The weekly newsletter for Kotlin developers, with articles, libraries, videos and podcasts from the Kotlin environment. Lua Lua Digest. A regular newsletter for the Lua Programming Language. Open Source BSD Weekly. A free, once–weekly e-mail round-up of BSD news and articles. NixOS Weekly. Latest News for NixOS Console Weekly. Discover cool open-source projects and an interview with one of the developers every week. FOSS Weekly. The easiest way to keep up with Open Source Software. Git Git Rev News. Aggregation of activities of the Git mailing list in a format for the wider tech audience. Editors Vim Mastering Vim Quickly. Best Vim stuff, once a week. VimTricks. Weekly tips and tricks. VSCode vscode.email. A Newsletter for News and Tips on VS Code & IDEs. Databases DB Weekly. A weekly round-up of database technology news and articles covering new developments, SQL, NoSQL, document databases, graph databases, and more. PostgreSQL Postgres Weekly. A free, once–weekly e-mail round-up of PostgreSQL news and articles. Redis Redis Watch. Periodic newsletter about everything and anything Redis. NoSQL mongoDB Weekly. A free, once–weekly e-mail round-up of MongoDB news and articles. Backend Development Docker Docker Weekly. Weekly newsletter filled with great updates from Docker, our users and ecosystem. Devops DevOps Weekly. A weekly slice of devops news. Sysadmin Casts. Sysadmin Casts - bite-sized sysadmin screencasts (released weekly). Server Admin for Programmers. Teaching the server tech you need for development and production. Eliminating the frustration of server configuration. Cron.Weekly. A weekly newsletter, delivered to you every Sunday, with news & tools tailored to Linux sysadmins. Archige. Awesome SysAdmin Newsletter. A curated list of awesome SysAdmin tools, software and resources. Monitoring Weekly. Monitoring Weekly delivers the latest monitoring news, articles, and tools right to your inbox. SRE Weekly. SRE Weekly is a newsletter devoted to everything related to keeping a site or service available as consistently as possible. StatusCode Weekly. A weekly newsletter on Web operations, infrastructure, performance, and tooling, from the browser down to the metal. Upcoming Kubernetes Events Newsletter. A weekly newsletter on curated meetups, conferences, training and webinars on Kubernetes. Learn Kubernetes weekly. Curated articles, tutorials, projects and events with a focus on Kubernetes. DevOps Bulletin. The latest DevOps trends in your inbox every week. From AWS, Terraform, and Kubernetes to CI/CD pipelines and cloud-native architecture, we've got you covered! Cloud Development Your weekly Azure news fix. Azure Weekly is a summary of the week's top news in the Microsoft Azure ecosystem, as well as interesting historic content that's well worth reading. Serverless Status. A weekly newsletter about serverless architectures and paradigms, function-as-a-service, AWS Lambda, etc. Google Cloud Weekly Newsletter. This Google Cloud Weekly is a summary of the week's top news, tutorials, videos, podcasts associated to the Google Cloud ecosystem, it's well worth reading. Last Week in AWS. A weekly roundup of news from Amazon's cloud ecosystem. Cloud Study Weekly. This weekly newsletter features the latest news headlines in cloud computing, upcoming conferences related to cloud and DevOps, as well as weekly deals and freebies on cloud-native technologies. Kubernetes kubelist. Your curated weekly kubernetes information reconciliation loop. KubeWeekly. Interesting weekly news about Kubernetes in the form of a newsletter. LWKD. LWKD is a weekly newsletter summarizing code activity in the Kubernetes project: merges, PRs, deprecations, version updates, release schedules, and the weekly community meeting. Upcoming Kubernetes Events Newsletter. A weekly newsletter on curated meetups, conferences, training and webinars on Kubernetes. Mobile Mobile Web Weekly. A weekly round-up of the releases, articles, and links that affect Web developers working on the mobile-facing Web. Android Weekly. Free newsletter that helps you to stay cutting-edge with your Android Development. Awesome Android Newsletter. A curated list of awesome Android packages and resources. Weekly Xamarin. Xamarin development. Mobile Developers Cafe. A weekly newsletter for Mobile Developers - iOS, Android, Flutter & React Native. Flutter Croissants. Receive every Monday all the news about Flutter and the world of mobility. Flutter Digest. 🇫🇷 A weekly French newsletter about Flutter and Dart. Android Croissants. 🇫🇷 Every Monday morning, receive the latest news, tutorials, tips… about Android. Flutter Tap. Flutter Tap is a free weekly newsletter that helps you to stay cutting-edge with your Flutter development. Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning / Big Data Data Elixir. A weekly newsletter of the best data science news and resources from around the web. Archive. Artificial Intelligence Weekly. A weekly collection of the best news and resources on Artificial Intelligence amd Machine Learning. Machine Learnings. A weekly roundup of ML & AI news. Inside AI. Weekly newsletter bringing you the latest in Artificial Intelligence, Robotics, and Neurotechnology. Import AI. The latest breakthroughs, applications and foul-ups in artificial intelligence. Archive The ML Engineer Newsletter. Receive updates on open source frameworks, tutorials and articles curated by machine learning professionals. Obtain insights on best practices, tools and techniques in machine learning explainability, reproducibility, model evaluation, feature analysis and beyond. True Positive Weekly. The most important artificial intelligence and machine learning links of the week. Air Around AI. Air Around AI is a weekly newsletter of the top news, best tutorials, product launches and super tips on AI. The Batch. The weekly DeepLearning.AI newsletter that highlights the most practical research papers, industry shaping applications and high impact business news. Blockchain / Cryptocurrencies Inside Cryptocurrency. Tracking trends, news, and analysis around Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies. Crypto Weekly. The best cryptocurrency news and insights delivered to your inbox every week. Build Blockchain. Blockchain tech without the bull— a weekly dose of blockchain reality with a heavy bias toward the technical. Technology in General TLDR. TLDR is a daily curated newsletter containing links and summaries of the most interesting stories in tech. Barista.io. Stay on top of today's most popular Tech news with a daily e-mail of crowd-curated articles from across the Web. The Morning Paper. An interesting/influential/important paper from the world of CS every weekday morning, as selected by Adrian Colyer. TechMeme. Techmeme is a aggregated, filtered, archiveable summary in near real-time of what is new and generating conversation in technology. Unzip.dev. Developer trends newsletter, unpacking one trend at a time. Daily Tech. Daily Tech is a curated newsletter about technology, startups, product, and software engineering. SaaS Bites. Latest news, tips, and tools for SaaS growth, marketing and product management. MindByte Weekly Pulse Fuel your week with MindByte Weekly Pulse, your indispensable guide to navigating the dynamic world of GitHub, Azure, and .NET. Discover the latest insights, tips, and trends, curated by an industry expert, delivered to your inbox every week. TechTok Today. Daily summarised and curated news in technology (as newsletter and in-website stories) picked from the most popular sources and fresh engineering blogs articles from leading tech companies. Weekly Engineering Newsletter. Every Sunday, delivering a digest of the week's most fascinating finds in the tech world. Hacking Scale. A bi-weekly newsletter about building and scaling software from engineers at Better Stack. Leadership Software Lead Weekly. Insightful articles about company culture, leadership and building software in general. Leadership in Tech. A carefully curated weekly newsletter for CTOs, engineering managers and senior engineers to become better leaders. Engineering Leadership Snacks. Weekly Snacks on Actionable Leadership tips, a Deep-dive and free Toolbox to excel as a Leader. Engineering Leadership. Weekly newsletter for becoming a great engineering leader. Marketing tldrMarketing. Get the latest breaking news and trends about digital marketing without all the fluff. Zero to Marketing. A weekly email with 5-minute case study with actionable tips. The Content Odyssey. Biweekly tried-and-tested content growth experiments. The Marketing Newsletter - Ideas to help marketers and creators grow faster and work smarter Business/Finance The Pricing Newsletter. Q&As, lessons, and news articles to help startups and business owners understand how to implement pricing strategy. FBA monthly. FBA Monthly is an across-the-board summary of the month's most important news articles and blog posts regarding Amazon businesses. Only actual news, solutions, strategies, seller-to-seller tips and much more. Capital minded. Weekly intelligence brief on navigating the index fund age, understanding the economy, and hacking capitalism. Wellfound Weekly. The best of the startup world, curated weekly. Startup Curated. The startup community’s newsletter with the best content from and for founders. Archive. Unvalidated Ideas. Fresh startup and SaaS ideas that you can take out and market validate every week. Generated.Company. Unleash Your Entrepreneurial Potential with AI-Powered Company Ideas. 10 Company ideas every single week. Indie Hackers Newsletter. The best news for founders, not consumers. Awesome news ChangeLog Weekly. A weekly newsletter, covering everything that hits open source radar. GitHub News. Discover top trending repos at GitHub, detected by a peak detection algorithm. TED. Inspiration in your inbox by TED KickStarter. Projects We Love archive by KickStarter Startup Digest. Curated reading materials from around the world, customized by your interests. My Morning Routine. My Morning Routine is an independent online magazine that brings you a brand new, inspiring morning routine every Wednesday. wpMail.me. A free WordPress Newsletter, once a week, with a round-up of WordPress news and articles. Archive. Handwritten newsletter. The Think Clearly newsletter gives you little reflection exercises to help you in your daily life. It is created with love and admiration. Archive. Better Dev Link. A weekly newsletter, collects links that aim to improve programming knowledge general. The purpose is not include the links that reader can search instantly from google such as how to do x, y, z but more about problem solving in programming. GitHub Trending Repos. A special repo allowing to track trending projects in your favorite programming language on GitHub. Updates come as GitHub notifications once a day or a week. HN Mail. A customizable weekly newsletter that delivers Hacker News stories based on your interests. Senior Mindset. Get a series of curated essays on the mindset of a senior software engineer. Weekly Robotics. A weekly newsletter with news, projects and research related to robotics. Future Crunch. A fortnightly newsletter with all the good news you don't get to hear about, in science, the environment, and across the world. You can see a feed of their good news here. Simply Explained. Monthly newsletter to tickle your curiosity. Mostly science and technology news. Resilience Resilience Roundup. Learn from Resilence Engineering research without having to dig through long, academic papers. Security Security Talks Digest. A newsletter, that aggregates content from the security conferences around the world and deliver them in form of a weekly report. Phishing Stories. The One Email CIOs & CISOs Actually Want Their Employees to Open. Crypto-Gram. A security-focused monthly newsletter curated by Bruce Schneier, one of the most famous security experts in the world. this week in security. a weekly tl;dr cybersecurity newsletter including news, the happy corner, your weekly cyber-cat, and more. It's sent every Sunday. tl;dr sec. A weekly distillation of the best security tools, blog posts, and conference talks, covering AppSec, cloud and container security, DevSecOps, and more. Advisory Week. A weekly email with a roundup of Security Advisories published by the major software vendors. Shift Security Left. A free biweekly newsletter for security-aware developers covering application security, secure architecture, DevSecOps, cryptography, incidents, etc. that can be useful for builders and (to a lesser extent) for breakers. Get a deeper understanding of causes for security vulnerabilities, designing defences, inventing and implementing security controls—with Felix, an imaginary mascot and a security engineer at @cossacklabs. RTC Security Newsletter. A monthly newsletter of real-time communication security news, research, and occasional updates by Enable Security. Entrepreneurship Indie Hacker Newsletter. A free bi-daily newsletter with actionable insights, founder stories and market updates to help you start and grow your business. Founder Notes. A free weekly newsletter that shares the secrets of successful founders, giving you actionable strategies to grow your business and keep you updated on the latest news and opportunities. Hungry Minds. A free weekly newsletter that get one mind-shaping idea, high-signal AI/Tech/Business news, and under-the-radar trends and tools to keep you hungry. Product Hunt. Daily curated tech products and startups. Founder Weekly. A free weekly newsletter for entrepreneurs featuring best curated content, must read articles, how to guides, tips and tricks, resources, events and more. Founders Grid. A weekly newsletter for startup founders that rounds up the best resources from startup ecosystem. Unreadit/Entrepreneur. Cutting edge news regarding entrepreneurship, growth, investing and startups sourced from the best Reddit posts. Productivity The Productivity Newsletter Miscellaneous WebRTC Weekly. A weekly & brief newsletter with all the latest news and activities on WebRTC. Web Audio Weekly. A weekly newsletter for people are interested in the Web Audio API, the Web MIDI API, or sound on the web in general. Data Is Plural. A weekly newsletter of useful/curious datasets. Changelog Nightly. An email, every night at 10pm CT, that unearths the hottest new repos on GitHub. Code Cartoons. Learn code via cartoons via email. Awesome Self Hosted Newsletter. A directory of free software solutions and web applications which can be hosted locally. lkml.wtf. A weekly roundup of Linux Kernel Mailing List threads but with a lot more sarcasm. Kleroteria. A free, unique "lottery" newsletter where a subscriber is picked whose email submission is sent to all of the other subscribers. Subject matter varies in both topic and quality. Unreadit/Tech. Hardware and software news for tech junkies from the best posts on Reddit. Tech Productivity. Tech Productivity is a short weekly newsletter for tech professionals (programmers, developers, designers, etc). Each issue includes a brief list of productivity-related tools, articles, and other resources that can help workers in various tech-related fields be more productive. Dev Updates. A weekly newsletter focussing on latest in mobile, web, AI, UI/UX, jobs/careers and anything related to developers and the industry. Trending Projects. A weekly email showcasing trending projects on GitHub. Softwaretalks Newsletter. In Softwaretalks Newsletter, we send articles about software engineering every Thursday. (For persian users). Figures. Receive high-paying tech jobs based on your minimum salary requirement. rendezvous with cassidoo. A free weekly tech newsletter with the latest web development articles, a practice technical interview question of the week, a joke, some non-technical content, and more, arriving every Sunday night/Monday morning depending on where you are in the world. No-Code Shots. A curated weekly newsletter that will bring you news, updates, and tips on how to improve your No-code skills. News Minimalist. A curated newsletter utilizing AI (ChatGPT-4) to deliver only the most significant news. By analyzing 1000 top articles daily, it ensures subscribers stay informed without wasting time on unimportant updates. Obsidian Rocks. Obsidian (the private and flexible writing app that adapts to the way you think) tips and tricks. License To the extent possible under law, Dmitry Zudochkin has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. About A list of amazing Newsletters zudochkin.github.io/awesome-newsletters/ Topics awesome email emails newsletter awesome-list email-newsletter Resources Readme Activity Stars 4k stars Watchers 94 watching Forks 329 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 173 + 159 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.