GitHub - fkie-cad/awesome-embedded-and-iot-security: A curated list of awesome embedded and IoT security resources. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert fkie-cad / awesome-embedded-and-iot-security Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 248 Star 2k A curated list of awesome embedded and IoT security resources. License CC0-1.0 license 2k stars 248 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 1 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights fkie-cad/awesome-embedded-and-iot-security masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History93 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows .gitattributes.gitattributes .gitignore.gitignore .travis.yml.travis.yml LICENSELICENSE code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md iot_awesome_logo.svgiot_awesome_logo.svg package.jsonpackage.json readme.mdreadme.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 license Awesome Embedded and IoT Security A curated list of awesome resources about embedded and IoT security. The list contains software and hardware tools, books, research papers and more. Botnets like Mirai have proven that there is a need for more security in embedded and IoT devices. This list shall help beginners and experts to find helpful resources on the topic. If you are a beginner, you should have a look at the Books and Case Studies sections. If you want to start right away with your own analysis, you should give the Analysis Frameworks a try. They are easy to use and you do not need to be an expert to get first meaningful results. Items marked with 💶 are comercial products. Contents Software Tools Analysis Frameworks Analysis Tools Extraction Tools Support Tools Misc Tools Hardware Tools Bluetooth BLE Tools ZigBee Tools SDR Tools RFID NFC Tools Books Research Papers Case Studies Free Training Websites Blogs Tutorials and Technical Background YouTube Channels Conferences Contribute License Software Tools Software tools for analyzing embedded/IoT devices and firmware. Analysis Frameworks EXPLIoT - Pentest framework like Metasploit but specialized for IoT. FACT - The Firmware Analysis and Comparison Tool - Full-featured static analysis framework including extraction of firmware, analysis utilizing different plug-ins and comparison of different firmware versions. Improving your firmware security analysis process with FACT - Conference talk about FACT 📺. FwAnalyzer - Analyze security of firmware based on customized rules. Intended as additional step in DevSecOps, similar to CI. HAL – The Hardware Analyzer - A comprehensive reverse engineering and manipulation framework for gate-level netlists. HomePWN - Swiss Army Knife for Pentesting of IoT Devices. IoTSecFuzz - Framework for automatisation of IoT layers security analysis: hardware, software and communication. Killerbee - Framework for Testing & Auditing ZigBee and IEEE 802.15.4 Networks. PRET - Printer Exploitation Toolkit. Routersploit - Framework dedicated to exploit embedded devices. Analysis Tools Binwalk - Searches a binary for "interesting" stuff, as well as extracts arbitrary files. cwe_checker - Finds vulnerable patterns in binary executables - ELF support for x86, ARM, and MIPS, experimental bare-metal support. emba - Analyze Linux-based firmware of embedded devices. Firmadyne - Tries to emulate and pentest a firmware. Firmwalker - Searches extracted firmware images for interesting files and information. Firmware Slap - Discovering vulnerabilities in firmware through concolic analysis and function clustering. Ghidra - Software Reverse Engineering suite; handles arbitrary binaries, if you provide CPU architecture and endianness of the binary. Radare2 - Software Reverse Engineering framework, also handles popular formats and arbitrary binaries, has an extensive command line toolset. Trommel - Searches extracted firmware images for interesting files and information. Extraction Tools FACT Extractor - Detects container format automatically and executes the corresponding extraction tool. Firmware Mod Kit - Extraction tools for several container formats. The SRecord package - Collection of tools for manipulating EPROM files (can convert lots of binary formats). Support Tools JTAGenum - Add JTAG capabilities to an Arduino. OpenOCD - Free and Open On-Chip Debugging, In-System Programming and Boundary-Scan Testing. Misc Tools Cotopaxi - Set of tools for security testing of Internet of Things devices using specific network IoT protocols. dumpflash - Low-level NAND Flash dump and parsing utility. flashrom - Tool for detecting, reading, writing, verifying and erasing flash chips. Samsung Firmware Magic - Decrypt Samsung SSD firmware updates. Hardware Tools Bus Blaster - Detects and interacts with hardware debug ports like UART and JTAG. Bus Pirate - Detects and interacts with hardware debug ports like UART and JTAG. Shikra - Detects and interacts with hardware debug ports like UART and JTAG. Among other protocols. JTAGULATOR - Detects JTAG Pinouts fast. Saleae - Easy to use Logic Analyzer that support many protocols 💶. Ikalogic - Alternative to Saleae logic analyzers 💶. HydraBus - Open source multi-tool hardware similar to the BusPirate but with NFC capabilities. ChipWhisperer - Detects Glitch/Side-channel attacks. Glasgow - Tool for exploring and debugging different digital interfaces. J-Link - J-Link offers USB powered JTAG debug probes for multiple different CPU cores 💶. Bluetooth BLE Tools UberTooth One - Open source 2.4 GHz wireless development platform suitable for Bluetooth experimentation. Bluefruit LE Sniffer - Easy to use Bluetooth Low Energy sniffer. ZigBee Tools ApiMote - ZigBee security research hardware for learning about and evaluating the security of IEEE 802.15.4/ZigBee systems. Killerbee compatible. Atmel RZUSBstick - Discontinued product. Lucky if you have one! - Tool for development, debugging and demonstration of a wide range of low power wireless applications including IEEE 802.15.4, 6LoWPAN, and ZigBee networks. Killerbee compatible. Freakduino - Low Cost Battery Operated Wireless Arduino Board that can be turned into a IEEE 802.15.4 protocol sniffer. SDR Tools RTL-SDR - Cheapest SDR for beginners. It is a computer based radio scanner for receiving live radio signals frequencies from 500 kHz up to 1.75 GHz. HackRF One - Software Defined Radio peripheral capable of transmission or reception of radio signals from 1 MHz to 6 GHz (half-duplex). YardStick One - Half-duplex sub-1 GHz wireless transceiver. LimeSDR - Software Defined Radio peripheral capable of transmission or reception of radio signals from 100 KHz to 3.8 GHz (full-duplex). BladeRF 2.0 - Software Defined Radio peripheral capable of transmission or reception of radio signals from 47 MHz to 6 GHz (full-duplex). USRP B Series - Software Defined Radio peripheral capable of transmission or reception of radio signals from 70 MHz to 6 GHz (full-duplex). RFID NFC Tools Proxmark 3 RDV4 - Powerful general purpose RFID tool. From Low Frequency (125kHz) to High Frequency (13.56MHz) tags. ChamaleonMini - Programmable, portable tool for NFC security analysis. HydraNFC - Powerful 13.56MHz RFID / NFC platform. Read / write / crack / sniff / emulate. Books 2020, Fotios Chantzis, Evangel Deirme, Ioannis Stais, Paulino Calderon, Beau Woods: Practical IoT Hacking 2020, Jasper van Woudenberg, Colin O'Flynn: The Hardware Hacking Handbook: Breaking Embedded Security with Hardware Attacks 2019, Yago Hansen: The Hacker's Hardware Toolkit: The best collection of hardware gadgets for Red Team hackers, Pentesters and security researchers 2019, Aditya Gupta: The IoT Hacker's Handbook: A Practical Guide to Hacking the Internet of Things 2018, Mark Swarup Tehranipoor: Hardware Security: A Hands-on Learning Approach 2018, Mark Carney: Pentesting Hardware - A Practical Handbook (DRAFT) 2018, Qing Yang, Lin Huang Inside Radio: An Attack and Defense Guide 2017, Aditya Gupta, Aaron Guzman: IoT Penetration Testing Cookbook 2017, Andrew Huang: The Hardware Hacker: Adventures in Making and Breaking Hardware 2016, Craig Smith: The Car Hacker's Handbook: A Guide for the Penetration Tester 2015, Keng Tiong Ng: The Art of PCB Reverse Engineering 2015, Nitesh Dhanjan: Abusing the Internet of Things: Blackouts, Freakouts, and Stakeouts 2015, Joshua Wright , Johnny Cache: Hacking Wireless Exposed 2014, Debdeep Mukhopadhyay: Hardware Security: Design, Threats, and Safeguards 2014, Jack Ganssle: The Firmware Handbook (Embedded Technology) 2013, Andrew Huang: Hacking the XBOX Research Papers 2020, Oser et al: SAFER: Development and Evaluation of an IoT Device Risk Assessment Framework in a Multinational Organization 2019, Agarwal et al: Detecting IoT Devices and How They Put Large Heterogeneous Networks at Security Risk 2019, Almakhdhub et al: BenchIoT: A Security Benchmark for the Internet of Things 2019, Alrawi et al: SoK: Security Evaluation of Home-Based IoT Deployments 2019, Abbasi et al: Challenges in Designing Exploit Mitigations for Deeply Embedded Systems 2019, Song et al: PeriScope: An Effective Probing and Fuzzing Framework for the Hardware-OS Boundary 2018, Muench et al: What You Corrupt Is Not What You Crash: Challenges in Fuzzing Embedded Devices 2017, O'Meara et al: Embedded Device Vulnerability Analysis Case Study Using Trommel 2017, Jacob et al: How to Break Secure Boot on FPGA SoCs through Malicious Hardware 2017, Costin et al: Towards Automated Classification of Firmware Images and Identification of Embedded Devices 2016, Kammerstetter et al: Embedded Security Testing with Peripheral Device Caching and Runtime Program State Approximation 2016, Chen et al: Towards Automated Dynamic Analysis for Linux-based Embedded Firmware 2016, Costin et al: Automated Dynamic Firmware Analysis at Scale: A Case Study on Embedded Web Interfaces 2015, Shoshitaishvili et al:Firmalice - Automatic Detection of Authentication Bypass Vulnerabilities in Binary Firmware 2015, Papp et al: Embedded Systems Security: Threats, Vulnerabilities, and Attack Taxonomy 2014, Zaddach et al: Avatar: A Framework to Support Dynamic Security Analysis of Embedded Systems' Firmwares 2014, Alimi et al: Analysis of embedded applications by evolutionary fuzzing 2014, Costin et al: A Large-Scale Analysis of the Security of Embedded Firmwares 2013, Davidson et al: FIE on Firmware: Finding Vulnerabilities in Embedded Systems using Symbolic Execution Case Studies Binary Hardening in IoT products Cracking Linksys “Encryption” Deadly Sins Of Development - Conference talk presenting several real world examples on real bad implementations 📺. Dumping firmware from a device's SPI flash with a buspirate Hacking the DSP-W215, Again Hacking the PS4 - Introduction to PS4's security. IoT Security@CERN Multiple vulnerabilities found in the D-link DWR-932B Pwning the Dlink 850L routers and abusing the MyDlink Cloud protocol PWN Xerox Printers (...again) Reversing Firmware With Radare Reversing the Huawei HG533 Free Training CSAW Embedded Security Challenge 2019 - CSAW 2019 Embedded Security Challenge (ESC). Embedded Security CTF - Microcorruption: Embedded Security CTF. Hardware Hacking 101 - Workshop @ BSides Munich 2019. IoTGoat - IoTGoat is a deliberately insecure firmware based on OpenWrt. Rhme-2015 - First riscure Hack me hardware CTF challenge. Rhme-2016 - Riscure Hack me 2 is a low level hardware CTF challenge. Rhme-2017/2018 - Riscure Hack Me 3 embedded hardware CTF 2017-2018. Websites Hacking Printers Wiki - All things printer. OWASP Embedded Application Security Project - Development best practices and list of hardware and software tools. OWASP Internet of Things Project - IoT common vulnerabilities and attack surfaces. Router Passwords - Default login credential database sorted by manufacturer. Siliconpr0n - A Wiki/Archive of all things IC reversing. Blogs RTL-SDR /dev/ttyS0's Embedded Device Hacking Exploiteers Hackaday jcjc's Hack The World Quarkslab wrong baud Firmware Security PenTestPartners Attify Patayu GracefulSecurity - Hardware tag Black Hills - Hardware Hacking tag Tutorials and Technical Background Azeria Lab - Miscellaneous ARM related Tutorials. JTAG Explained - A walkthrough covering UART and JTAG bypassing a protected login shell. Reverse Engineering Serial Ports - Detailed tutorial about how to spot debug pads on a PCB. UART explained - An in depth explanation of the UART protocol. YouTube Channels Flashback Team - A duo of hackers explaining their step by step approach to finding and exploiting vulnerabilities in embedded devices. StackSmashing - Reverse engineering and hardware hacking of embedded devices. Conferences Conferences focused on embedded and/or IoT security. Hardwear.io EU, The Hague, September. USA, Santa Clara, June. Contribute Contributions welcome! Read the contribution guidelines first. License To the extent possible under law, Fraunhofer FKIE has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. About A curated list of awesome embedded and IoT security resources. Topics iot security awesome embedded firmware awesome-list Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Custom properties Stars 2k stars Watchers 66 watching Forks 248 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 13 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.