GitHub - angrykoala/awesome-esolangs: Curated list of awesome Esoteric languages and resources Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert angrykoala / awesome-esolangs Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 38 Star 530 Curated list of awesome Esoteric languages and resources License CC0-1.0 license 530 stars 38 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 10 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights angrykoala/awesome-esolangs masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History156 Commits.travis.yml.travis.yml CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md logo_piet.pnglogo_piet.png View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Esolangs Curated list of awesome esoteric programming languages, resources and related projects. "An esoteric programming language, or esolang, is a computer programming language designed to experiment with weird ideas, to be hard to program in, or as a joke, rather than for practical use." esolang.org Contents Languages Algorithms Others Resources Articles Community Languages ><> - A stack-based 2d language with support for reflection. 1+ - A surprisingly user-friendly language with a highly-limited instruction set. 78 - A single-character command language focused around the numbers 7 and 8. ajsone - Language defined completely in JSON. AlmostBinary - Code in binary and run on any platform. ArnoldC - Based on the best one-liners of Arnold Schwarzenegger. Befunge - Two-dimensional language. Brackets - Language made of brackets, a lot of brackets. Brainfuck - Minimalist language using only 8 single-character commands. C Flat - Musical language focused on sound rather than notation with creative freedom in mind. CellTail - A 1d celular automata based language, supports a complex pattern matching syntax. Charcoal - Concise language for sketching ASCII art. Chef - Programs that look like cooking recipes. Chicken - Only 1 valid symbol: 'chicken'. ChuckScript - Unary-based language, where the code is a single number. COW - Brainfuck variant using twelve variations of moos as instructions. DNA# - Language based on the structure of the DNA. Dots - A turing-complete language using "." symbol only. Electra - Code like an electrician. Emojicode - Full-blown programming language consisting of emojis. Enterprise™ - Non deterministic unnecessarily statically typed language. False - Heavily obfuscated language with a minimal implementation. Fetlang - Designed such that source code looks like poorly written fetish erotica. FlipJump - 1 instruction: Flip a bit, then Jump. The simplest OISC. Folders - Code written with folders. FreakC - Full-blown programming language with NSFW contents and memes. Fugue - Music as source code. Golfscript - Stack oriented, aimed at solving problems in as few keystrokes as possible. Haifu - Designed with the core values of Eastern philosophy in mind. INTERCAL - Parody language intended to be completely different from other languages. Japt - Reduced JavaScript for golfing. Jelly - Golfing language based on J. JellyScript - Brainfuck-based with delicious jelly. JSFuck - Esoteric programming style based on the atomic parts of JavaScript. Lazy K - Minimal, turing-complete pure functional language without extra features. legit - Programs defined entirely by the graph of the git repository instead of its contents. LolCode - Language with keywords based on the lolcat meme expressions. Malbolge - Named after the 8th level of hell, is designed to be as difficult as possible to program. Monicelli - Programming using Italian-like gibberish. Ni - Brainfuck-based with more helpful instructions. Omgrofl - Syntax resembling Internet slang. Ook! - Brainfuck-based language, where the commands are orangutan words. Orca - Livecoding environment to quickly create procedural audio sequencers. Piet - Language in which programs look like abstract paintings using colors as code. Named after Piet Mondrian. RASEL - Fungeoid with no limits on program space, float precision, and with a bit of random access to stack. reMorse - Morse-styled language. Rockstar - Designed for creating computer programs that are also song lyrics. Shakespeare - Language where the code appear to be Shakespearean plays. Spooky - The scariest programming language 🎃 💀. Suzy - 3D language inspired in Befunge. Technologic - Language in which programs look like the lyrics to the Daft Punk song Technologic. Thue - Matrioshka language based on nondeterministic string rewriting of a semi-Thue grammar. Tru - A stack-based language with prefix-free brackets. TrumpScript - Make Python great again. Turtle - Uses long-term storage for memory use. Unary - Brainfuck-based language where all the commands are 0. Unlambda - Obfuscated functional programming. Velato - Language that uses MIDI files as source, programs are defined by the pitch and order of notes. Vigil - Only Vigil is truly vigilant about not allowing code that fails to pass programmatic specifications. Watson - Stack-based Turing-incomplete configuration files. 文言 (Wenyan) - Closely follows the grammar and tone of classical Chinese literature. Whenever - Language that does things whenever it wants. Whitespace - Use only white-characters (space, tabs and newlines). WordLang - A language based on meaning-like grammar that produces output. Z - Use only the letter z. ZOMBIE - Inherently evil multithreaded language designed for Necromancers. Algorithms πfs - Pi-based storage system, store your data by searching a matching sequence in pi. Stacksort - Sorts a list by searching answers in Stack Overflow and executing code snippets until is sorted. Others asmbf - The only true brainfuck assembler toolkit. CSS-only-chat - A truly monstrous async web chat using no JS whatsoever on the frontend. FizzBuzzEnterpriseEdition - Simple FizzBuzz game implemented under the most strict enterprise standards. MalbolgeLisp - A Lisp interpreter in Malbolge Unshackled. NoCode - Secure and reliable applications. Write nothing; deploy nowhere. Petrovich - Operating System concept based on random actions and rewards/punishments. vapor.js - The World's Smallest & Fastest JavaScript Library. Resources DM's Esoteric Programming Languages - List of esoteric languages and algorithms written by dangermouse. Esofiles - The Esoteric Files Archive, an archive of implementations of esoteric programming languages and examples. Esolang - Wiki of esoteric programming languages and related Resources. Esoteric Codes - Articles and documents collection. Rosettacode - Provides examples in different languages, including esoteric languages. Wikipedia/Esoteric programming languages - Wikipedia list of esoteric languages. Esolang List of ideas - Compilation of ideas for esoteric languages and related. Articles Let's Build a Basic Interpreter (Ruslan's Blog) - Series of articles explaining the basics of compilers and interpreters and how to build one. Six programming paradigms that will change how you think about coding - Post by Yevgeniy Brikman describing different programming paradigms that are not commonly applied. The Fun (and Madness) of Esoteric Programming Languages - Straightforward introduction to esoteric languages with examples. On the Turing Completeness Of MS PowerPoint - Turing Machine on PowerPoint. Community Anarchy Golf - Informal golfing problems server. Code Golf Stack Exchange - Golfing problems and answers. Freenode IRC Channel - The #esoteric IRC channel on freenode. Reddit Esolangs - Reddit community on esolangs. Esolangs Discord Server - A Discord community about esoteric languages. Logo used with permission of David Morgan-Mar About Curated list of awesome Esoteric languages and resources Topics list awesome esoteric awesome-list esolang Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 530 stars Watchers 12 watching Forks 38 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 25 + 11 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.