GitHub - flame-engine/awesome-flame: An awesome list that curates the best Flame games, projects, libraries, tools, tutorials, articles and more. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert flame-engine / awesome-flame Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 102 Star 1.2k An awesome list that curates the best Flame games, projects, libraries, tools, tutorials, articles and more. License CC0-1.0 license 1.2k stars 102 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights flame-engine/awesome-flame mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History120 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows mediamedia CONTENT_ES.mdCONTENT_ES.md CONTENT_ZH.mdCONTENT_ZH.md CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 license Awesome Flame A curated list of games, libraries, and articles related to the Flame Engine for Flutter. Flame is a minimalist 2D game engine for Flutter that provides a nice set of somewhat independent modules you can choose from to build your games. Contents Articles & Tutorials Plugins & Libraries Projects Open Source App Releases Resources Non-English Content Articles & Tutorials Tutorial by imaNNeo - Color Switch Game tutorial - (2023-10-06) 0. Overview and Introduction of Flutter / Flame game tutorials 🔍 1. Flame Component System (FCM) & Event handling 🎊 2. Camera and World components 🎥 3. Sprite & Custom Components 🖼️ 4. Collision detection 💥 5. Pause menu, Decorators and Overlays ⏸️ 6. Scoring and Flame Engine Particles ✨ 7. Flame Audio and Sound Effects 🔊 8-final. Polishing and Optimizing🌟 Articles by Happy Makadiya at Simform Solutions Basics of Game Development using Flame Build Collision-Based Game Using Flame in Flutter - (2022-10-09). Articles by YayoCode 1. Getting started: Setting up the project 2. The world, bodies, shapes, and fixtures 3. Body types: dynamic, static & kinematic 4. Friction, density & restitution 5. Forces, impulses & linear velocity 6. Bodies and sprites 7. Collisions 8. Collisions with animated sprites - (2022-12-02). Tutorials by raywenderlich.com Building Games in Flutter with Flame: Getting Started - By Vincenzo Guzzi - (2021-10-21). Articles by wolfenra.in Dart Box2D Fundamentals series - (2020-07-13). Other Articles & Tutorials Introduction to Flame with Flutter - Build a Breakout game with Flutter state management integration. By Brett Morgan Killing gnats with Flutter and Flame - Build your first game with ads and i18n. By Bo Hellgren Flutter Web and Flame - Hands on with Flame for web. By Aseem Wangoo Simple Platformer - Flame Game Development Series - 2D platformer without using Forge2d. By DevKage. Dino Run - Flutter Game Development Series with Flame - An easy to follow tutorial on how to make 2D mobile game in Flutter using Flame engine. By DevKage. Spacescape - Flutter Game Development Series with Flame - An easy to follow tutorial on how to make 2D mobile game in Flutter using Flame engine. By DevKage. How to build a real-time multiplayer game with Flutter Flame - Using Flutter, Flame, and Supabase's real-time features to build a real-time multiplayer shooting game. By Tyler Shukert. Examples Maze generator - List of algorithm examples to solve problems like Maze generation and more. By Dannark Plugins & Libraries First-Party Plugins - First-party plugins included in Flame's monorepo. bonfire - RPG maker. By rafaelbarbosatec flame_texturepacker - Import spritesheets from TexturePacker. By Brixto leap - An opinionated toolkit for creating 2D platformers. By kurtome Projects Open Source Casual Antimine - Minesweeper - Antimine is a minesweeper-like puzzle game. The objective is to flag the spaces with mines to make the field a safer place without exploding any of them. Get it on Google Play. By lucasnlm. Bob Box - A simple casual game that you can play with one finger. Tap to stop, avoid obstacles! By FireSlime Snaake! - A simple casual snake game. By lucasnlm Ghost Rigger - A cyberpunk inspired puzzle game, build for Flutter Hackathon Hack20. By b099l3 and ernestoyaquello Ant Squash - A simple casual bug squashing game that you can play with one finger. Tap to kill, stop ants from eating the sweet! By Sourabh Gupta Color Mixer - A color mixer game built with Flame 1.0.0-rc8. Tap 2 colors to mix them and help player pass obstacles. Spacescape - A 2D top-down space shooter made using Flutter and Flame engine. Get it on Play Store. By DevKage. New Super Jumper - A doodle jump clone made with Flame and Forge2D. By Yayocode. Flappy Dash - Gives classic flappy bird game play experience. Get it on Play Store. By Rutvik Panchal Sober Driver - An app with 10 mini games to designate a sober driver for a night out. Get it on Google Play, App Store. By Mauro Vanetti. Endless Runner BGUG - Break Guns Using Gems is a fast paced side-scrolling platformer with innovative controls and and a gun-related twist. By FireSlime Dino Run - A 2D infinite side scroller mobile game made in Flutter using Flame engine. Get it on Play Store. By DevKage. Platformer Flutters - A mixture of Flappy Bird and Doodle Jump. By ecklf Simple Platformer - A 2D platformer made using Flame engine. By DevKage. RPG Darkness Dungeon - Simple RPG. By rafaelbarbosatec App Releases Arcade Air Hockey Classic - Android, iOS - Play the classic 'Air Hockey' arcade game now on your mobile device! By Ignace Maes Oh Dash! - Android, iOS - Play a fast paced arcade game by dodging various hazards and try to be top player on the world! - By Davi Bispo Board Four In A Row - Android, iOS - Play the classic 'Four In A Row' board game! Will you be the first to connect 4 of your chips? Challenge the AI, or play against your friends and family. By Ignace Maes Omnichess - Web, Android, iOS - Create and play your own Chess variants! 2-8 players. Online/AI. Square/Hexagonal tiled boards. By Chirag Patel Chinese Checkers - Android, iOS - Play Chinese Checkers (Sternhalma), a popular strategy board game, online with friends/strangers or offline with bots. By Dong Digital. Casual KINGA - Android, iOS - Protect the cookie from the pesky flies. By Kevin Omyonga Dhoruba - Android, iOS - Can You Stand The Rain? By Kevin Omyonga Toilet Racer - Android - Turn your bathroom into a magical sanctuary and become the toilet ninja! By Philipp Mudra, Tim Wiechmann Wormo - Android, iOS - Meet Wormo the gooey worm in this wonderful casual game! Think you can put wormo in the nest? Think again, it requires an extraordinary technique. By Tommy Buonomo (Frenchie Games) Hyper Hexagon - Android, Web - Hexagonal board game challenge - A classical and futuristic. Inspired by the old classic Hexxagon '90s game. By TheCocce Brick Mania - Android, iOS - A fantastic reinvention of the classic Brick Breaker game: relaxing and yet super satisfying. By Dong Digital. Tension Tunnel - Android, iOS, Web - A casual, minimalist and challenging game that will put your reflexes to the test. Be careful, it's highly addictive! By Atomic Instinct TTG - Through The Galaxies - Android, iOS - Control the rocket to go through the planets to gain higher and higher score. By imaNNeo BBB - Birds, Beasts, Baddies - Android - Four furry and feathery friends jump for joy. Avoid enemies, collect mushrooms, jump as high as you can. By Coconut Island Apps Jade Rapids - Android - Swim with your pug up Jade Rapids collecting treats and dodging obstacles. By Philip Lalonde Escaper: Run - IOS - Dodge the bombs. Test your reflexes! By A. Can Algan Cosmic Merge - Android, iOS - Merge Planets, Moons and more with the goal to reach galaxies far away or possibly even further? By ABausG Save The Potato source-code - 🥇 Winner of Flame Game Jam 3.0 - Rotate the shields and save the potato from incoming orbs! By imaNNeo. for Android or iOS Educational Sky Academy - Android, iOS - Learn to recognize all the constellations and brightest stars from a gold medal winner of the International Astronomy Olympiad. By Dong Digital. Mathonaut - Android, iOS - A platform game in which you play around math. By Skyost Japanese Fun - J64 - Android, iOS - A set of interactive mini-games designed to help users learn and practice Japanese scripts. By Space 64 Metroidvania Tales of a Lost Mine - Android - An awesome platform-adventure Metroidvania. Get in the role of a brave explorer and uncover the secrets of a long lost time. By FireSlime Music Relo Music Instrument - Android, iOS - First ever RELATIVE music instrument, which is especially suitable for mobile devices and improvisation. Online Multiplayer Penguin Chat - Android, GitHub - Players use cartoon penguin avatars and chat in a virtual world without losing their real-time position. By Sanjeev Madhav Puzzle Games Ripple Effect Puzzle - Android, iOS - A sophisticated variation of Sudoku. By Tommy Buonomo (Frenchie Games) Tile Paths - Android - Drag the tiles and find the best path to make your character collect all items while avoiding the enemy. With 10 different stages you can challenge your friends to see who gets the best highscore in every one of them. By Naslausky Sorting Puzzle - Android, iOS - Color sorting game reinvented: move and combine to solve puzzles. By Dong Digital. Oderrube - Android, IOS - Oderrube is an physics puzzle game. Carefully remove the blocks to allow Derrubito to fall into the target. By Paulo Gonçalves Role Playing Xeonjia: Ice Adventures - Android, Desktop, GitLab - An adventure game set in a frozen world. By DeepDaikon Sports Pool Ball Classic - Android, iOS - Play 8 Ball Pool like you know and love on your mobile device featuring 3D graphics, realistic physics, and a challenging AI mode. By Ignace Maes Cycling Escape - Android, iOS, GitHub - You start off with only one rider. Compete in races to start earning money. Unlock more team mates and compete in more extreme and longer races. Keep going and win the ultimate world tour! By ikbendewilliam Tower Defense Xtrike - Android - An awesome strategic tower defense game. Build your battle units and destroy enemies. By White Wood City Bubble Panic! - Android, iOS - A casual tower defense game that offers long-lasting playability with automatic stage generation. By Gohko Engineering G.K. Roguelike Geometry Survival Beta - Android - An roguelike game to survival and upgrade weapons to destroy powerful enemies. By HarrisonQI Simulation Random Race - Android, iOS - A racing simulation app with cute dinos to help you make decisions when you find yourself indecisive. By Sopivasti Resources Game UI Database - The ultimate screen reference tool for game interface designers. Explore over 500 games and 19,000 individual images, and filter by screen type, material, layout, texture, shapes, patterns, genres and more! Non-English Content Mandarin Chinese (中文) Spanish (Español) Contributing Please read the contribution guidelines About An awesome list that curates the best Flame games, projects, libraries, tools, tutorials, articles and more. Topics game lists awesome game-development resources awesome-list flutter flame Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Custom properties Stars 1.2k stars Watchers 25 watching Forks 102 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 50 + 36 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.