GitHub - johnjago/awesome-free-software: Curated list of free as in freedom software Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert johnjago / awesome-free-software Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 113 Star 1.9k Curated list of free as in freedom software License CC0-1.0 license 1.9k stars 113 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 2 Pull requests 9 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights johnjago/awesome-free-software masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History235 CommitsCONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Free Software Software in this list is distributed under terms that allow anyone to use, modify, and share the software for any purpose. The two most popular licenses are the MIT License and the GNU GPL, but there are many other licenses which grant these permissions. Contents Software Audio Command Line Tools Communication File Management File Sharing Graphics IDEs Office Operating Systems Other Payments Scientific Work Screencasting Text Editors Utilities Video Virtualization Web Applications Web Servers Hardware Companies Hardware Resources Resources Articles Blogs Businesses Discovery Events Licensing Organizations Other Lists People Talks License Software Audio Audacity - Sound recording and post-processing. (GNU GPLv2+) Ardour - Digital Audio Workstation (DAW). (GNU GPLv2) Libre.fm - Stream, download, remix, and share music for free. (GNU AGPLv3) LMMS - Complete digital audio workstation. (GNU GPLv2+) mStream - Suite of software for syncing and streaming music across multiple devices. (GNU GPLv3) Nuclear Music Player - Streaming music player that finds music from free sources automatically. (GNU AGPLv3) Command Line Tools asciinema - Terminal session recorder. (GNU GPLv3) Clipboard - Cut, copy, and paste anything, anywhere, all from the command line. (GNU GPLv3) Cygwin - Unix-like environment for Windows, providing access to a number of tools commonly found on Linux systems. (GNU GPLv3) Logdissect - CLI utility and Python API for analyzing log files and other data. (MIT) PuTTY - Remote terminal emulator that connects over SSH, Telnet, SCP, and rlogin protocols as well as raw socket connections. (MIT) ranger - Minimal, lightweight, and aesthetically pleasing file explorer for GNU/Linux. It runs in the terminal window, so it fits in well with window managers such as i3. vi key bindings allow for quick operations to be performed, including rename and delete. (GNU GPLv3) GNU stow - GNU Stow is a symlink farm manager which takes distinct packages of software and/or data located in separate directories on the filesystem, and makes them appear to be installed in the same place. (GNU GPLv3) SimpleLocalize - Open source tool for managing i18n keys in software projects. Communication Conversations - XMPP/Jabber client for Android. (GNU GPLv3) Gajim - XMPP/Jabber client for desktop. (GNU GPLv3) Jitsi Meet - Secure video conferencing and desktop sharing using WebRTC. (Apache License 2.0) Mail-in-a-Box - Easy-to-deploy mail server package for cloud computers. (CC0) Matrix - Open standard for decentralised, persistent, and interoperable communications. (Apache License 2.0) Mattermost - Open source, private cloud alternative to Slack. (Licensing) ProtonMail - Secure web-based email service. (MIT) Ring - Telephone, teleconferencing, and media sharing through a distributed service. (GNU GPLv3) Signal - Private messaging and calling for desktop, Android, and iOS. (GNU GPLv3) Tox - Encrypted and distributed messaging platform with voice, video, and screen sharing. (GNU GPLv3) Tutanota - Encrypted email at no cost with support for business accounts. (GNU GPLv3) File Management 7-Zip - File archiver for creating and opening compressed files. (GNU LGPLv2.1+) Filestash - A Dropbox-like web client where users can bring their own backend (FTP, SFTP, Webdav, S3, Minio, ...). (GNU AGPLv3) FileZilla - Universal FTP solution. (GNU GPLv2+) WinSCP - SFTP and FTP client for Windows (GNU GPLv3) File Sharing qBittorrent - Easy to use BitTorrent client. (GNU GPLv2+) Sharry - Convinient file sharing web application that allows you to upload files and get a url back that can then be shared. (GNU GPLv3+) Graphics Blender - 3D creation suite for modeling, simulation, and animation. (GNU GPLv2+) ExifCleaner - GUI app to remove exif metadata from images and videos with simple drag and drop. (MIT) GIMP - Image manipulation software. (GNU GPLv3) Inkscape - Professional vector graphics editor for all platforms. (GNU GPL) Krita - Painting program made by artists. (GNU GPLv3) Pinta - Gtk# clone of Paint.NET. (MIT) Piskel - Online sprite editor. (Apache License 2.0) IDEs Eclipse - Extensible IDE that supports the latest Java versions as well as other languages. (EPL) IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition - Java/Android IDE with the goal of maximizing developer productivity. (Apache License 2.0) Office LibreOffice - Office suite with word processor, spreadsheet, and presentation programs. (MPLv2) Open Office - Provides a full featured office productivity suite based on open standards. (Apache License 2.0) Zathura - Highly customizable and functional document viewer. It provides a minimalistic and space saving interface as well as an easy usage that mainly focuses on keyboard interaction. (zlib License) Operating Systems Debian - One of the earliest UNIX-like operating systems with a commitment to keeping nonfree software out of its system. (DFSG) Devuan - Fork of Debian without systemd. (Licenses) PureOS - FSF endorsed derivative of Debian. (Multiple licenses) LineageOS - Android distribution for phones and tablets and successor of CyanogenMod. (Multiple licenses) Other Disroot - Hosted versions of many of the services on this list. (Multiple licenses) OpenMapTiles - Set of open-source tools for self-hosting of OpenStreetMap maps in more than 50 languages. It provides both raster as well as vector tiles, WMS and WMTS services for GIS programs, support for JavaScript viewers and mobile SDK. (BSD) ZeroNet - Decentralized websites using Bitcoin cryptography and the BitTorrent network. (GNU GPLv2) Simple Mobile Tools - Android apps with customizable widgets, without annoying ads and unnecessary permissions. IP2Trace - A traceroute tools that displaying geolocation information using IP2Location database. (MIT) Payments Electrum - Lightweight Bitcoin client that provides wallet recovery, decentralized servers, and offline storage. (MIT) GNU Taler - Cash-like system for online payments. (GNU GPL) Scientific Work DocEar - Literature management using mind mapping technology. (GNU GPLv2+) JabRef - Manages references and attached PDFs using BibTeX/BibLaTeX. Includes support for LibreOffice. (MIT) Screencasting OBS Studio - Screen recorder and video streaming application for all platforms. (GNU GPLv2) ShareX - Screen capture, file sharing and productivity tool. (GNU GPLv3) SimpleScreenRecorder - Highly customisable GUI screencasting program. (GNU GPLv3) Text Editors Atom - Hackable text and source code editor. (Archived) (MIT) Pulsar - A Community-led Hyper-Hackable Text Editor. Forked from Atom. (MIT) Emacs - An extensible, customizable, free/libre text editor — and more. (GNU GPL) GNU nano - Simple text editor for the command line. (GNU GPL) vim - Vim is a highly configurable text editor built to make creating and changing any kind of text very efficient. (GNU GPL compatible) VS Code - A source-code editor made by Microsoft (MIT) Notepad++ - Extensible text and source code editor. (GNU GPLv2+) Utilities Grayscale Mode - An open source macOS app that lets you quickly toggle grayscale filter right from your menu bar or using a keyboard shortcut (⌥⌘G). (MIT) Markdownify - A minimal Markdown editor. (MIT) Sandman - Lets you know when to turn off the computer and sleep based on calculated sleep cycles. (MIT) Search Deflector - A small program that redirects searches made from the Windows Start Menu or Cortana to whatever browser and search engine you prefer. (MIT) Wireshark - Packet analyzer for network troubleshooting and analysis. (GNU GPLv2) Espanso - A cross-playform text expander (GNU GPLv3) Video NewPipe - Lightweight YouTube frontend for Android. (GNU GPLv3) Kodi - Home Theater software and entertainment hub. (GNU GPLv2) VLC - Multimedia player that supports a variety of audio and video formats. (GNU GPLv3) youtube-dl - Feature-rich command line program to download videos from YouTube and other video sites. (Unlicense) MPV - Customizable multimedia player with scripting support. (GNU GPLv2) Virtualization QEMU - QEMU is a generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer. (GNU GPLv2) VirtualBox - Feature rich virtualization tools with support for many operating systems. (GNU GPLv2) Web Applications Cloverleaf - An open source app to replace your password manager without storing your passwords anywhere. (MIT) Dnote - A simple command line notebook with multi-device sync and web interface. (GNU AGPLv3) Etherpad - Collaborative document editing in real-time. (Apache License 2.0) Ghost - Hackable platform for building and running online publications. (MIT) GitLab - Git repository manager for the entire code lifecycle. (MIT) GNU social - Microblogging server written in PHP. (GNU GPLv3) Gogs - Lightweight, cross-platform, self-hosted Git service. (MIT) Healthchecks - Cron job monitoring service. (BSD 3-clause) Inventaire - Share books with friends and communities. (GNU AGPLv3) Lobsters - Link aggregation and discussion with downvote explanations. (BSD 3-clause) Mastodon - Decentralized social network server. (GNU AGPLv3) MediaGoblin - Publishing platform for all types of media. (GNU AGPLv3) MediaWiki - Wiki software that can organize and serve large amounts of frequently accessed data. (GNU GPLv2+) MetaGer - Private search engine created by a non-profit that uses green electricity for its servers. (GNU AGPLv3) Neocities - GeoCities for the modern world. (BSD 2-clause) NotABug.org - Collaboration platform for freely licensed projects. (MIT) OpenStreetMap - Map of the world created by users and released under an open license. (GNU GPLv2) PeerTube - Decentralized video streaming service. (GNU AGPLv3) Phabricator - Code management platform (similar to GitLab) built with PHP. (Apache License 2.0) Wallabag - Save and classify articles. Read them later. Freely. (MIT) Weblate - Translation management system with version control integration. (GNU GPLv3) WordPress - Blog publishing platform and content management system. (GNU GPLv2+) Web Servers Apache HTTP Server - Secure, efficient, and extensible web server. (Apache License 2.0) lighttpd - Optimized for speed-critical environments while remaining standards-compliant, secure and flexible. (Revised BSD license) nginx - HTTP and reverse proxy server, a mail proxy server, and a generic TCP/UDP proxy server. (2-clause BSD-like license) Hardware Companies Aleph Objects - Respects Your Freedom (RYF) certified 3D printer built with libre hardware and software. Libiquity - Designs and develops embedded software and firmware systems. Purism - Privacy, security, and freedom focused computers and software. Raptor Computing Systems - Desktops, motherboards, and other parts utilizing the IBM POWER9 processor and OpenBMC firmware. Technoethical - Laptops, adapters, and mobile devices compatible with free operating systems. ThinkPenguin - Modern laptops, desktops, and printers that contain no proprietary software. Vikings - Hosting company powered by Libreboot firmware, libre software, and green energy that also sells hardware. Hardware Resources disaster.radio - Off-grid, solar-powered, long-range mesh network built on free software and affordable, open hardware. h-node - Database of hardware that works with a fully free operating system. Linux Preloaded - Hand-picked list of vendors from many regions that sell computers preinstalled with free software. Respects Your Freedom Hardware Certification - Requirements to qualify for the Free Software Foundation's RYF certification. Resources Articles Free Software - Wikipedia entry on the topic of free software. 'Libre' Software: Turning Fads into Institutions? - Academic article presenting an economic analysis of libre software and its sustainability. Software Freedom - Short, simple explanation of why free software is important from Devuan. Blogs BrainBlasted's Privacy and Free Software Blog - Practical look at issues involving free software and privacy. Businesses Bytemark - Transparent UK hosting company that offers a 50% discount for anyone publishing free software. Discovery Free Software Directory - Over 15,000 free software packages. Free GNU/Linux Distributions - Entirely free distributions. freepost - Everything related to free culture. Events LibrePlanet - Annual conference on free software. Software Freedom Day - Annual worldwide celebration of free software with the aim of increasing awareness of free software and its virtues. Licensing FOSSology - License compliance toolkit for software projects. gplenforced.org - Community-oriented GPL enforcement. Organizations April - Promouvoir et défendre le logiciel libre. Digital Freedom Foundation - Promotes access to knowledge via technology. Framasoft - Network dedicated to globally promoting free software, innovative projects, and a world of sharing and cooperation. Free Software Foundation - Nonprofit with a worldwide mission to promote computer user freedom. Free Software Movement Karnataka - Group in Bengaluru, India that spreads awareness about free software. Free Software Movement of India - Coalition of free software organizations in India. FSF India - Indian sister site for the FSF. FSFE - European sister site for the FSF. FSFLA - Latin American sister site for the FSF. GNU - Home of the GNU/Linux operating system. Open Source Hardware Association - Promotes hardware that respects user freedom. Outreachy - Helps people from underrepresented backgrounds find internships with FOSS software companies. Peers - Community that helps support and grow free projects. Software Freedom Conservancy - Charity that helps promote, improve, develop, and defend free, libre, and open source software projects. Software Freedom Law Center - Provider of no-cost legal services to free, libre, and open source software creators. Snowdrift.coop - Crowdmatching for public goods. TuxFamily - No cost hosting and other services for libre projects. Other Lists Awesome Humane Tech - List of projects focusing on ethics, transparency, and privacy. Awesome Self-Hosted - List of FLOSS network services and web applications which can be hosted locally. Awesome Sysadmin - List of free software sysadmin tools. People Maxime Lathuilière - Reorganizing information and resources through libre software to enable a free society. Talks Agustín Benito: Free Software, Beyond Software (TEDxLaLaguna) (Español) Eben Moglen: How I Discovered Free Software Prof. Nagarjuna G: Free Software for Digital India Richard Stallman: Free Software, Free Society (TEDxGeneva 2014) Stephen Fry: Free Software Wrishiraj Kaushik: I Am Not a Free Software Guy Documentaries 2019: Hacking for the Commons, by Philippe Borrel. License CC0 1.0 About Curated list of free as in freedom software Topics open-source awesome free-software gpl libre awesome-list gnu software-freedom Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 1.9k stars Watchers 45 watching Forks 113 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 29 + 15 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.