GitHub - oppoverbakke/awesome-gdpr: Protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert oppoverbakke / awesome-gdpr Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 22 Star 227 Protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data. License View license 227 stars 22 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights oppoverbakke/awesome-gdpr masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History119 CommitsCONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md GDPR.pngGDPR.png LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMELicenseAwesome GDPR The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a regulation on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union and the European Economic Area. The regulation has increased the focus on privacy in companies and strengthened the data subjects influence. Contents Legal text Guidelines Rights of the data subject (art. 12 - 23) Privacy by Design - Guides for developers (art. 25) Records of Processing (art. 30) Security (art. 32) Incident management (art. 33 and 34) Data Protection Impact Assessments (DPIA, art. 35) Tools Data Protection Authorities Organisations / Projects Publications Solutions providers Related Legal text GDPR (2016/679) - Official version of GDPR. GDPR-info - GDPR linked to relevant articles and section in the preamble (Non-official site). GDPR-expert - Compare the Regulation, Directive and National legislation. Linked to relevant section in preamble (Non-official site). GDPRhub -> GDPR Articles - GDPR articles included commentary. Guidelines Guidelines & Opinions from the European Data Protection Board (EDPB). ICO: Guide to GDPR Handbook on European data protection law - Handbook issued by EU. Factsheets - Factsheets from EU Data Protection Supervisor. Rights of the data subject (art. 12 - 23) Open source privacy notice template (Juro) Privacy by Design - Guides for developers (art. 25) CNIL - GDPR Developer Guide Norwegian DPA - Software development with Data Protection by Design and by Default Data Pseudonymisation: Advanced Techniques and Use Cases - Report on pseudonymisation techniques from ENISA. Anonymisation, pseudonymisation and privacy enhancing technologies guidance - ICO Records of Processing (art. 30) Iubenda - Register of data processing activities Security (art. 32) OWASP Top 10 - Top 10 Web Application Security Risks. OWASP Cheat Sheet Series - Concise collection of high value information on specific application security topics. Anonymisation, pseudonymisation and privacy enhancing technologies guidance Incident management (art. 33 and 34) ENISA: Recommendations for a methodology of the assessment of severity of personal data breaches Google, SRE: Managing Incidents Troy Hunt: Data breach disclosure 101 Awesome Incident Response GDPR Enforcement Tracker - Overview of fines and penalties. Data Protection Impact Assessments (DPIA, art. 35) Open-source DPIA software from the French DPA Guidelines on Data Protection Impact Assessment (WP29) ISO-standard: Guidelines for privacy impact assessment DPIA template from ICO Public DPIA Teams OneDrive SharePoint and Azure AD - DPIA of Microsoft Teams in combination with OneDrive, SharePoint Online and the Azure Active Directory. Tools Website Evidence Collector (WEC) - EDPS Inspection Software. Data protection around the world - (CNIL) Map of the level of data protection in each country. Data Protection Laws of the world - (DLA Piper) Compare data protection laws around the world. Data Protection Authorities (art. 51 -59) European Data Protection Board - EDPB. European Data Protection Supervisor - EDPS. European Union Agency for Network and Information Security (ENISA) - ENISA. List of Data Protection Authorities Organisations / Projects Electronic Frontier Foundation - Nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. International Association of Privacy Professionals - A resource for privacy professionals. Privacy International - Charity that challenges the governments and companies that want to know everything about individuals, groups, and whole societies. NOYB - Organisation that brings important issues to the attention of DPAs, enforces the law in civil court or directly engages with companies. GDPR.eu - Resource for organisations and individuals researching the GDPR (Not official website). CyLab Usable Privacy and Security Laboratory - Research related to understand and improving the usability of privacy and security. EPIC - Electronic Privacy Information Center. Future of Privacy Forum - Catalyst for privacy leadership and scholarship, advancing principled data practices in support of emerging technologies. W3C Privacy Interest Group - Leading the web to its full potential. CISPE Code of Conduct - Pan-European sector-specific code for cloud infrastructure service providers under Article 40. Publications GDPR Today - Privacy news from the Open Rights Group. Spread Privacy - DuckDuckGo Blog. Freedom To Tinker - Blog from Princeton's CITP, a research center that studies digital technologies in public life. pdpEcho - All about personal data protection and privacy, by Gabriela Zanfir-Fortuna. GDPRhub - Free and open wiki that allows anyone to find and share GDPR insights across Europe. Related Privacy Respecting Awesome: Security Awesome: Humane Tech Awesome: Privacy - List of free, open source and privacy respecting services and alternatives to privative services. Developers Guide to HIPAA Compliance Analytics without cookies European web analytics services EU Alternatives License To the extent possible under law, Harald O. Bakke has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. About Protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data. Topics awesome privacy awesome-list curated-list gdpr security-tools privacy-tools general-data-protection-regulation privacy-by-design gdpr-checklist Resources Readme License View license Activity Stars 227 stars Watchers 9 watching Forks 22 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 2 oppoverbakke Harald O. Bakke putetrekk Benjamin Sjølander Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.