GitHub - steven2358/awesome-generative-ai: A curated list of modern Generative Artificial Intelligence projects and services Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert steven2358 / awesome-generative-ai Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 916 Star 8.2k A curated list of modern Generative Artificial Intelligence projects and services License CC0-1.0 license 8.2k stars 916 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 10 Pull requests 91 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights steven2358/awesome-generative-ai mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History319 CommitsARCHIVE.mdARCHIVE.md CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md DISCOVERIES.mdDISCOVERIES.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Generative AI A curated list of modern Generative Artificial Intelligence projects and services. Generative Artificial Intelligence is a technology that creates original content such as images, sounds, and texts by using machine learning algorithms that are trained on large amounts of data. Unlike other forms of AI, it is capable of creating unique and previously unseen outputs such as photorealistic images, digital art, music, and writing. These outputs often have their own unique style and can even be hard to distinguish from human-created works. Generative AI has a wide range of applications in fields such as of art, entertainment, marketing, academia, and computer science. Contributions to this list are welcome. Before submitting your suggestions, please review the Contribution Guidelines to ensure your entries meet the criteria. Add links through pull requests or create an issue to start a discussion. More projects can be found in the Discoveries List, where we showcase a wide range of up-and-coming Generative AI projects. Contents Recommended reading Text Coding Agents Image Video Audio Other Learning resources More lists Recommended reading How Large Language Models Will Transform Science, Society, and AI - Article summarizing the capabilities and limitations of the GPT-3 model, and its potential impact on society. By Alex Tamkin and Deep Ganguli, February 5, 2021. Generative AI: A Creative New World - A comprehensive examination of the generative AI industry, offering a historical perspective and in-depth analysis of the industry ecosystem. By Sonya Huang, Pat Grady and GPT-3, September 19, 2022. A Coming-Out Party for Generative A.I., Silicon Valley's New Craze - Article about the rise of generative AI, particularly the success of the Stable Diffusion image generator, and the associated controversies. New York Times, October 21, 2022. AI's New Creative Streak Sparks a Silicon Valley Gold Rush - Article about the growing hype and investment in generative AI startups, with various industries exploring its potential applications. Wired, October 27, 2022. ChatGPT Heralds an Intellectual Revolution - An op-ed by Henry Kissinger, Eric Schmidt and Daniel Huttenlocher. Wall Street Journal, February 24, 2023. Milestones OpenAI API - Announcement of the OpenAI API for text-to-text general-purpose AI models based on GPT-3. OpenAI blog, June 11, 2020. GitHub Copilot - Announcement of Copilot, a new AI pair programmer that helps you write better code. GitHub blog, June 29, 2021. DALL·E 2 - Announcement of the release of DALL·E 2, an advanced image generation system with improved resolution, expanded image creation capabilities, and various safety mitigations. OpenAI blog, April 6, 2022. Stable Diffusion Public Release - Announcement of the public release of Stable Diffusion, an AI-based image generation model trained on a broad internet scrape and licensed under a Creative ML OpenRAIL-M license. Stable Diffusion blog, 22 August, 2022. ChatGPT - Announcement of ChatGPT, a conversational model trained to answer follow-up questions, admit mistakes, challenge incorrect premises, and reject inappropriate requests. OpenAI blog, November 30, 2022. Bing Search - Microsoft announces a new version of its search engine Bing, powered by a next-generation OpenAI model. Microsoft blog, February 7, 2023. LLaMA - Llama LLM, a foundational, 65-billion-parameter large language model by Meta. Meta, February 23rd, 2023. #opensource GPT-4 - Announcement of GPT-4, a large multimodal model. OpenAI blog, March 14, 2023. DALL·E 3 - Announcement of DALL·E 3 image generator. OpenAI blog, September 20, 2023. Sora - Presentation of Sora, a large video generation model. OpenAI, February 15, 2024. Text Models OpenAI API - OpenAI's API provides access to GPT-3 and GPT-4 models, which performs a wide variety of natural language tasks, and Codex, which translates natural language to code. Gopher - Gopher by DeepMind is a 280 billion parameter language model. OPT - Open Pretrained Transformers (OPT) by Facebook is a suite of decoder-only pre-trained transformers. Announcement. OPT-175B text generation hosted by Alpa. Bloom - BLOOM by Hugging Face is a model similar to GPT-3 that has been trained on 46 different languages and 13 programming languages. #opensource Llama - Meta's open source large language model. #opensource Claude - Talk to Claude, an AI assistant from Anthropic. Vicuna-13B - An open-source chatbot trained by fine-tuning LLaMA on user-shared conversations collected from ShareGPT. #opensource Mistral - Cutting-edge open-weight LLMs by Mistral AI. #opensource Grok - An LLM by xAI with open source and open weights. #opensource Qwen - A series of LLMs independently developed by Alibaba Cloud. #opensource Chatbots ChatGPT - ChatGPT by OpenAI is a large language model that interacts in a conversational way. Copilot - An everyday AI companion by Microsoft. Gemini - A family of multimodal large language model developed by Google Deepmind. Meta AI - Meta AI assistant to get things done, create AI-generated images, get answers. Built on Llama LLM. DeepSeek - Cutting-edge LLMs for enterprise, consumer, and scientific applications. #opensource Character.AI - Character.AI lets you create characters and chat to them. Pi - A personalized AI platform available as a digital assistant. Qwen - Qwen chatbot with image generation, document processing, web search integration, video understanding, etc. Le Chat - Chat with Mistral AI's cutting-edge language models. Custom interfaces LibreChat - LibreChat is a free and open-source chat interface for assistant AIs. #opensource. Chatbot UI - An open source ChatGPT UI. #opensource. Search engines Perplexity AI - AI powered search tools. Metaphor - Language model powered search. Phind - AI-based search engine. You.com - A search engine built on AI that provides users with a customized search experience while keeping their data 100% private. Komo - An AI-powered search engine. Local search engines privateGPT - Ask questions to your documents without an internet connection, using the power of LLMs. quivr - Dump all your files and chat with it using your generative AI second brain using LLMs & embeddings. Writing assistants Jasper - Create content faster with artificial intelligence. Compose AI - Compose AI is a free Chrome extension that cuts your writing time by 40% with AI-powered autocompletion. Rytr - Rytr is an AI writing assistant that helps you create high-quality content. wordtune - Personal writing assistant. HyperWrite - HyperWrite helps you write with confidence and get your work done faster from idea to final draft. Moonbeam - Better blogs in a fraction of the time. copy.ai - Write better marketing copy and content with AI. ChatSonic - An AI-powered assistant that enables text and image creation. Anyword - Anyword's AI writing assistant generates effective copy for anyone. Hypotenuse AI - Turn a few keywords into original, insightful articles, product descriptions and social media copy. Lavender - Lavender email assistant helps you get more replies in less time. Lex - A word processor with artificial intelligence baked in, so you can write faster. Jenni - Jenni is the ultimate writing assistant that saves you hours of ideation and writing time. LAIKA - LAIKA trains an artificial intelligence on your own writing to create a personalised creative partner-in-crime. QuillBot - AI-powered paraphrasing tool. Postwise - Write tweets, schedule posts and grow your following using AI. Copysmith - AI content creation solution for Enterprise & eCommerce. ChatGPT extensions WebChatGPT - Augment your ChatGPT prompts with relevant results from the web. GPT for Sheets and Docs - ChatGPT extension for Google Sheets and Google Docs. YouTube Summary with ChatGPT - Use ChatGPT to summarize YouTube videos. ChatGPT Prompt Genius - Discover, share, import, and use the best prompts for ChatGPT & save your chat history locally. ChatGPT for Search Engines - Display ChatGPT response alongside Google, Bing, and DuckDuckGo search results. ShareGPT - Share your ChatGPT conversations and explore conversations shared by others. Merlin - ChatGPT Plus extension on all websites. ChatGPT Writer - Generate entire emails and messages using ChatGPT AI. ChatGPT for Jupyter - Add various helper functions in Jupyter Notebooks and Jupyter Lab, powered by ChatGPT. editGPT - Easily proofread, edit, and track changes to your content in chatGPT. Forefront - A Better ChatGPT Experience. Productivity ChatPDF - Chat with any PDF. Mem - Mem is the world's first AI-powered workspace that's personalized to you. Amplify your creativity, automate the mundane, and stay organized automatically. Taskade - Outline tasks, notes, generated structured lists and mind maps with Taskade AI. Notion AI - Write better, more efficient notes and docs. Nekton AI - Automate your workflows with AI. Describe your workflows step by step in plain language. Rewind - Rewind is a personalized AI powered by everything you've seen, said, or heard. NotebookLM - A research and note-taking online tool to interact with documents, powered by Google Gemini. Meeting assistants Otter.ai - A meeting assistant that records audio, writes notes, automatically captures slides, and generates summaries. Cogram - Cogram takes automatic notes in virtual meetings and identifies action items. Sybill - Sybill generates summaries of sales calls, including next steps, pain points and areas of interest, by combining transcript and emotion-based insights. Loopin AI - Loopin is a collaborative meeting workspace that not only enables you to record, transcribe & summaries meetings using AI, but also enables you to auto-organise meeting notes on top of your calendar. Fireflies.ai - Fireflies.ai helps your team transcribe, summarize, search, and analyze voice conversations. Read AI - An AI copilot for wherever you work, making your meetings, emails, and messages more productive with summaries, content discovery, and recommendations. Academia Elicit - Elicit uses language models to help you automate research workflows, like parts of literature review. genei - Summarise academic articles in seconds and save 80% on your research times. Explainpaper - A better way to read academic papers. Upload a paper, highlight confusing text, get an explanation. Galactica - A large language model for science. Can summarize academic literature, solve math problems, generate Wiki articles, write scientific code, annotate molecules and proteins, and more. Model API. Consensus - Consensus is a search engine that uses AI to find answers in scientific research. Synthical - AI-powered collaborative research environment. scite - A platform for discovering and evaluating scientific articles. SciSpace - An AI research assistant for understanding scientific literature. Leaderboards Chatbot Arena - An open platform for crowdsourced AI benchmarking, hosted by researchers at UC Berkeley SkyLab and LMArena. Artificial Analysis - Artificial Analysis provides objective benchmarks & information to help choose AI models and hosting providers. imgsys - A generative image model arena by fal.ai. Other text generators EmailTriager - Use AI to automatically draft email replies in the background. AI Poem Generator - AI Poem Generator writes a beautiful rhyming poem for you on any subject, given a text prompt. Coding Coding Assistants GitHub Copilot - GitHub Copilot uses the OpenAI Codex to suggest code and entire functions in real-time, right from your editor. OpenAI Codex - An AI system by OpenAI that translates natural language to code. Ghostwriter - An AI-powered pair programmer by replit. Amazon Q - The AWS generative AI–powered assistant that helps answer questions, write code, and automate tasks. tabnine - Code faster with whole-line & full-function code completions. Stenography - Automatic code documentation. Mintlify - AI powered documentation writer. Debuild - AI-powered low-code tool for web apps. AI2sql - With AI2sql, engineers and non-engineers can easily write efficient, error-free SQL queries without knowing SQL. CodiumAI - With CodiumAI, you get non-trivial tests suggested right inside your IDE, so you stay confident when you push. PR-Agent - AI-powered tool for automated PR analysis, feedback, suggestions and more. MutableAI - AI Accelerated Software Development. TurboPilot - A self-hosted copilot clone which uses the library behind llama.cpp to run the 6 billion parameter Salesforce Codegen model in 4 GB of RAM. GPT-Code UI - An open source implementation of OpenAI's ChatGPT Code interpreter. #opensource MetaGPT - The Multi-Agent Framework: Given one line Requirement, return PRD, Design, Tasks, Repo Open Interpreter - OpenAI's Code Interpreter in your terminal, running locally. Continue - Open-source AI code assistant. Connect any model and any context to create custom autocomplete and chat experiences inside the IDE. #opensource Developer tools co:here - Cohere provides access to advanced Large Language Models and NLP tools. Haystack - A framework for building NLP applications (e.g. agents, semantic search, question-answering) with language models. LangChain - A framework for developing applications powered by language models. gpt4all - A chatbot trained on a massive collection of clean assistant data including code, stories and dialogue. LLM App - Open-source Python library to build real-time LLM-enabled data pipeline. LMQL - LMQL is a query language for large language models. LlamaIndex - A data framework for building LLM applications over external data. Phoenix - Open-source tool for ML observability that runs in your notebook environment, by Arize. Monitor and fine tune LLM, CV and tabular models. Cursor - Cursor is the IDE of the future, built for pair-programming with Powerful AI. SymbolicAI - A neuro-symbolic framework for building applications with LLMs at the core. Vanna.ai - An open-source Python RAG framework for SQL generation and related functionality. #opensource Portkey - A full-stack LLMOps platform for LLM monitoring, caching, and management. agenta - An open-source end-to-end LLMOps platform for prompt engineering, evaluation, and deployment. #opensource Together AI - Train, fine-tune-and run inference on AI models blazing fast, at low cost, and at production scale. Gitingest - Turn any Git repository into a simple text digest of its codebase so it can be fed into any LLM. #opensource Repomix - Pack your codebase into AI-friendly formats. #opensource llama.cpp - Inference of Meta's LLaMA model (and others) in pure C/C++. #opensource bitnet.cpp - Official inference framework for 1-bit LLMs, by Microsoft. #opensource Playgrounds OpenAI Playground - Explore resources, tutorials, API docs, and dynamic examples. Google AI Studio - A web-based tool to prototype with Gemini and experimental models. GitHub Models - Find and experiment with AI models to develop a generative AI application. Local LLM Deployment Ollama - Get up and running with large language models locally. Open WebUI - An extensible, feature-rich, and user-friendly self-hosted AI platform designed to operate entirely offline. #opensource Jan - Run LLMs like Mistral or Llama2 locally and offline on your computer, or connect to remote AI APIs. #opensource Msty - A straightworward and powerful interface for local and online AI models. PyGPT - Personal desktop AI assistant with chat, vision, agents, image generation, tools and commands, voice control and more. #opensource LLM - A CLI utility and Python library for interacting with Large Language Models, remote and local. #opensource Agents Autonomous agents Auto-GPT - An experimental open-source attempt to make GPT-4 fully autonomous. babyagi - An AI-powered task management system. AgentGPT - Assemble, configure, and deploy autonomous AI Agents in your browser. GPT Engineer - Specify what you want it to build, the AI asks for clarification, and then builds it. GPT Prompt Engineer - Automated prompt engineering. It generates, tests, and ranks prompts to find the best ones. MetaGPT - The Multi-Agent Framework: Given one line requirement, return PRD, design, tasks, repo. AutoGen - AutoGen is a framework that enables the development of LLM applications using multiple agents that can converse with each other to solve tasks. GPT Pilot - Dev tool that writes scalable apps from scratch while the developer oversees the implementation. Devin - An autonomous AI software engineer by Cognition Labs. OpenDevin - An autonomous agent designed to navigate the complexities of software engineering. #opensource Davika - An agentic AI software engineer. #opensource Custom assistants Poe - Poe gives access to a variety of bots. GPT Builder - Assistant for creating GPT-based assistants. GPTStore - Find useful GPTs. Share your own GPTs. Image Models DALL·E 2 - DALL·E 2 by OpenAI is a new AI system that can create realistic images and art from a description in natural language. Stable Diffusion - Stable Diffusion by Stability AI is a state of the art text-to-image model that generates images from text. #opensource Midjourney - Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. Imagen - Imagen by Google is a text-to-image diffusion model with an unprecedented degree of photorealism and a deep level of language understanding. Make-A-Scene - Make-A-Scene by Meta is a multimodal generative AI method puts creative control in the hands of people who use it by allowing them to describe and illustrate their vision through both text descriptions and freeform sketches. DragGAN - Drag Your GAN: Interactive Point-based Manipulation on the Generative Image Manifold. Services Craiyon - Craiyon, formerly DALL-E mini, is an AI model that can draw images from any text prompt. DreamStudio - DreamStudio is an easy-to-use interface for creating images using the Stable Diffusion image generation model. Artbreeder - Artbreeder is new type of creative tool that empowers users creativity by making it easier to collaborate and explore. GauGAN2 - GauGAN2 is a robust tool for creating photorealistic art using a combination of words and drawings since it integrates segmentation mapping, inpainting, and text-to-image production in a single model. Magic Eraser - Remove unwanted things from images in seconds. Imagine by Magic Studio - A tool by Magic Studio that let's you express yourself by just describing what's on your mind. Alpaca - Stable Diffusion Photoshop plugin. Patience.ai - Patience.ai is an app for creating images with Stable Diffusion, a cutting edge AI developed by Stability.AI. GenShare - Generate art in seconds for free. Own and share what you create. A multimedia generative studio, democratizing design and creativity. Playground - Playground is a free-to-use online AI image creator. Use it to create art, social media posts, presentations, posters, videos, logos and more. Pixelz AI Art Generator - Pixelz AI Art Generator enables you to create incredible art from text. Stable Diffusion, CLIP Guided Diffusion & PXL·E realistic algorithms available. modyfi - The image editor you've always wanted. AI-powered creative tools in your browser. Real-time collaboration. Ponzu - Ponzu is your free AI logo generator. Build your brand with creatively designed logos in seconds, using only your imagination. PhotoRoom - Create product and portrait pictures using only your phone. Remove background, change background and showcase products. Avatar AI - Create your own AI-generated avatars. ClipDrop - Create professional visuals without a photo studio, powered by stability.ai. Lensa - An all-in-one image editing app that includes the generation of personalized avatars using Stable Diffusion. RunDiffusion - Cloud-based workspace for creating AI-generated art. Ideogram - A text-to-image platform to make creative expression more accessible. Bing Image Creator - DALLE·3 based text-to-image generator with safety features. KREA - Generate high quality visuals with an AI that knows about your styles, concepts, or products. Nightcafe - NightCafe Creator is an AI Art Generator app with multiple methods of AI art generation. Leonardo AI - Create production-quality visual assets for your projects with unprecedented quality, speed, and style. Recraft - An AI tool that lets creators easily generate and iterate original images, vector art, illustrations, icons, and 3D graphics. Reve Image - A model trained from the ground up to excel at prompt adherence, aesthetics, and typography. Graphic design Brandmark - AI-based logo design tool. Gamma - Create beautiful presentations and webpages with none of the formatting and design work. Microsoft Designer - Stunning designs in a flash. Image libraries Lexica - Stable Diffusion search engine. OpenArt - Search 10M+ of prompts, and generate AI art via Stable Diffusion, DALL·E 2. PromptHero - Search prompts for models like Stable Diffusion, ChatGPT, Midjourney, etc. PromptBase - Search prompts from top prompt engineers. Sell your own prompts. Model libraries Civitai - Community driven AI model sharing tool. Stable Diffusion Models - A comprehensive list of Stable Diffusion checkpoints on rentry.org. Stable Diffusion resources Stable Horde - A crowdsourced distributed cluster of Stable Diffusion workers. DiffusionDB - A list of all public apps, developer tools, guides and plugins for Stable Diffusion. Airtable version. PublicPrompts - A collection of free prompts for Stable Diffusion. Stableboost - Stableboost is a Stable Diffusion WebUI that lets you quickly generate a lot of images so you can find the perfect ones. Hugging Face Diffusion Models Course - Python materials for the online course on diffusion models by @huggingface. Video Runway - Magical AI tools, realtime collaboration, precision editing, and more. Your next-generation content creation suite. Synthesia - Create videos from plain text in minutes. Rephrase AI - Rephrase's technology enables hyper-personalized video creation at scale that drive engagement and business efficiencies. Hour One - Turn text into video, featuring virtual presenters, automatically. Colossyan - Learning & Development focused video creator. Use AI avatars to create educational videos in multiple languages. Fliki - Create text to video and text to speech content with ai powered voices in minutes. Pictory - Pictory's powerful AI enables you to create and edit professional quality videos using text. Pika - An idea-to-video platform that brings your creativity to motion. Sora - An AI model that can create realistic and imaginative scenes from text instructions. Luma Dream Machine - An AI model that makes high quality, realistic videos fast from text and images. Infinity AI - Infinity is a video foundation model that allows you to craft your characters and then bring them to life. KLING AI - Tools for creating imaginative images and videos. Hailuo AI - AI-powered text-to-video generator. Avatars D-ID - Create and interact with talking avatars at the touch of a button. HeyGen - Turn scripts into talking videos with customizable AI avatars in minutes. RenderNet - RenderNet AI is a tool for generating images and videos, providing control over character design, composition, and style. Animation Wonder Dynamics - Effortlessly animate, light, and compose CG characters into live scenes. Audio Text-to-speech Eleven Labs - AI voice generator. Resemble AI - AI voice generator and voice cloning for text to speech. WellSaid - Convert text to voice in real time. Play.ht - AI Voice Generator. Generate realistic Text to Speech voice over online with AI. Convert text to audio. podcast.ai - A podcast that is entirely generated by artificial intelligence, powered by Play.ht text-to-voice AI. VALL-E X - A cross-lingual neural codec language model for cross-lingual speech synthesis. TorToiSe - A multi-voice text-to-speech system trained with an emphasis on quality. #opensource Bark - A transformer-based text-to-audio model. #opensource Speech-to-text Whisper - Robust speech recognition via large-scale weak supervision. #opensource Wispr Flow - Flow makes writing quick with seamless voice dictation for any application on your computer. Vibe Transcribe - All-in-one solution for effortless audio and video transcription. #opensource whisper.cpp - Port of OpenAI's Whisper model in C/C++. #opensource Music Harmonai - We are a community-driven organization releasing open-source generative audio tools to make music production more accessible and fun for everyone. Mubert - A royalty-free music ecosystem for content creators, brands and developers. MusicLM - A model by Google Research for generating high-fidelity music from text descriptions. AudioCraft - A single-stop code base for generative audio needs, by Meta. Includes MusicGen for music and AudioGen for sounds. #opensource Stable Audio - Stable Audio is Stability AI's first product for music and sound effect generation. AIVA - AI-based music generation assistant. Choose from 250+ styles. Suno AI - Anyone can make great music. No instrument needed, just imagination. From your mind to music. Udio - Discover, create, and share music with the world. Other Diagram - Magical new ways to design products. PromptBase - A marketplace for buying and selling quality prompts for DALL·E, GPT-3, Midjourney, Stable Diffusion. This Image Does Not Exist - Test your ability to tell if an image is human or computer generated. Have I Been Trained? - Check if your image has been used to train popular AI art models. AI Dungeon - A text-based adventure-story game you direct (and star in) while the AI brings it to life. Clickable - Generate ads in seconds with AI. Beautiful, brand-consistent, and highly converting ads for all marketing channels. Scale Spellbook - Build, compare, and deploy large language model apps with Scale Spellbook. Scenario - AI-generated gaming assets. Teleprompter - An on-device AI for your meetings that listens to you and makes charismatic quote suggestions. FinChat - Using AI, FinChat generates answers to questions about public companies and investors. Morpher AI - Morpher AI delivers real-time insights and analysis for any market. Whimsical AI - GPT-powered mind mapping, flowcharts, and visual tools for rapid idea development and process organization. Learning resources Learn Prompting - A free, open source course on communicating with artificial intelligence. Prompt Engineering Guide - Guide and resources for prompt engineering. ChatGPT prompt engineering for developers - A short course by Isa Fulford (OpenAI) and Andrew Ng (DeepLearning.AI). OpenAI Cookbook - Examples and guides for using the OpenAI API. OpenAI Prompt Engineering Guide - Strategies and tactics for getting better results from large language models. PromptPerfect - Tool for prompt engineering. Anthropic courses - Anthropic's educational courses. More lists Tools and Resources for AI Art - A large list of Google Colab notebooks for generative AI, by @pharmapsychotic. The Generative AI Application Landscape - An infographic that maps the generative AI ecosystem, by Sonya Huang of Sequioa Capital. Startups - @builtwithgenai - An Airtable list by @builtwithgenai. The Generative AI Index - An Airtable list by Scale Venture Partners. Generative AI for Games - A market map of companies working on Generative AI for games, by a16z. Generative Deep Art - A curated list of generative deep learning tools, works, models, etc. for artistic uses, by @filipecalegario. GPT-3 Demo - Showcase with GPT-3 examples, demos, apps, showcase, and NLP use-cases. GPT-4 Demo - GPT-4 apps and use-cases. The Generative AI Landscape - A Collection of Awesome Generative AI Applications. Molecular design - List of molecular design using Generative AI and Deep Learning. Open LLMs - A list of open LLMs available for commercial use. Lists on ChatGPT Awesome ChatGPT - A curated list of awesome tools, demos, docs for ChatGPT and GPT-3, by @jordn. Awesome ChatGPT Prompts - A collection of prompt examples to be used with the ChatGPT model. FlowGPT - Amplify your workflow with the best prompts. ChatGPT Prompts for Data Science - A repository of useful data science prompts for ChatGPT. Awesome ChatGPT - Another awesome list for ChatGPT. About A curated list of modern Generative Artificial Intelligence projects and services Topics awesome ai artificial-intelligence generative-art awesome-list large-language-models llm generative-ai Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 8.2k stars Watchers 182 watching Forks 916 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Contributors 64 + 50 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.