GitHub - Kazhnuz/awesome-gnome: A curated list of awesome apps, extensions, modules, themes and tools for the Gnome Desktop Environment. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert Kazhnuz / awesome-gnome Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 56 Star 1.3k A curated list of awesome apps, extensions, modules, themes and tools for the Gnome Desktop Environment. License CC0-1.0 license 1.3k stars 56 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 7 Pull requests 6 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights Kazhnuz/awesome-gnome masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History436 Commitsimagesimages LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome GNOME A curated list of awesome apps, extensions, modules, themes and tools for the GNOME Desktop Environment. GNOME is a desktop environment for Linux and Unix-like operating systems, designed to put the user in control and get things done. It uses GTK for its applications and Clutter and JavaScript for its official desktop shell. Items marked with are applications officially maintained and distributed by the GNOME Project as part of the core set of applications and tools, or extensions that are maintained and distributed as part of the Classic mode. Items marked with are applications championed by the GNOME Circle initiative that aims to showcase the best apps and libraries for GNOME. Contents Applications Internet and Networking Office Productivity and Time Well Being Multimedia Graphics Gaming System and Customization Utilities Security and Privacy Development and Design Others Third-party Apps Plugins Extensions Docks and Panels Customization and Tweaks Menus Applets Windows Visual Changes Look and Feel Icons Cursors Themes for non-GTK apps Community Developer Resources Libraries Examples Documentation Applications Internet and Networking GNOME Web - Official web browser project of GNOME. Fragments - BitTorrent client. Newsflash - RSS feeds reader. Font Downloader - Install fonts from online sources Tangram - Browser for your pinned tabs. Polari - Talk to people on IRC. Warp - Fast and secure file transfer. Wike - Search and read Wikipedia articles. Feeds - An RSS/Atom feed reader. Haguichi - Graphical frontend for Hamachi. Parabolic - yt-dlp graphical fronted. Geopard - Colorful Gemini client. Fractal - Matrix client. Dino - XMPP Client. Dissent - Third-party Discord client prioritasing speed over feature completeness (with user theming through CSS). Tuba - Client for federated social networks (Mastodon, GoToSocial, Akkoma). Pipeline - YouTube Client. Netsleuth - Utility for the calculation and analysis of IP subnet values. Office Apostrophe - Distraction-free Markdown editor. Citations - Manage your bibliography. NFO Viewer - Simple viewer for NFO files, beating text editors with preset font and encoding settings and clickable hyperlink support. Foliate - Simple and modern eBook reader. Paper Clip - PDF metadata editor. RNote - Sketch and take handwritten notes. Morphosis - Document converter (using Pandoc) supporting PDF, Markdown, RST, LaTeX, HTML, Microsoft Word, Open/Libre Office and EPUB formats. Productivity and Time Solanum - Balance working time and break time. Khronos - Log the time it took to do tasks. Errands - Todo application for those who prefer simplicity. Endeavour - Manage your tasks. Timetrack - Time tracker. Teleprompter - Simple application to read scrolling text from your screen. Planify - Project and task manager with Todoist support. Time Tracker - Local-first project time tracker with sync option via cloud or network storage (CSV file). Newelle - Virtual assistant (local, based on GPT4All) that interacts with the system by running shell commands and execute Python code. Well Being Blanket - Listen to different sounds. Health - Health tracking. Multimedia Shortwave - Client for web-based radio. Video Trimer - Trim video quickly. Amberol - Plays music, and nothing else. Mousai - Identify any songs in seconds. Podcasts - Listen to your favourite podcasts. Decibels - Simple music player with waveform view. Cozy - Audiobook player. Celluloid - Simple frontend for mpv. Parlatype - Audio player specialized for transcription. Easy Effects - Audio effects for PipeWire applications . Spot - Spotify Client. Clapper - Simple and modern media player. Footage - Application to trim, flip, rotate and crop individual clips. Aviator - Utility for encoding with SVT-AV1 & Opus. Gapless - Play your music elegantly. Monophony - Stream music from YouTube. Collector - Dropover utility that allows to drag files/images/text into a collection window and drop them anywhere. Fotema - Photo gallery with support for iOS Live Photos and Samsung Motion Photos and with map view. Graphics Curtail - Simple & useful image compressor. Identity - Compare image and video. Switcheroo - Image converter and manipulator (ImageMagick frontend). Coulr - Convert between RGB and hexadecimal codes for colours. ASCII Draw - Draw graphs and more using only characters. Mingle - Application to combine emojis using Google's Emoji Kitchen. Scientific Tooling Graphs - Plot and manipulate data. Plots - Simple graph plotting. Gaming Cartridges - Game launcher with Steam, Lutris, Heroic, Bottles and itch library import. Chess Clock - Timer for over-the-board chess games. Crosswords - Game of crosswords with squpport for shaped and colors crosswords and .ipuz, .jpuz, .xd, and .puz files. Mahjongg - Solitaire (one player) version of the classic Eastern tile game, Mahjongg. Ultimate Tic Tac Toe - Ultimate Tic Tac Toe to play with friends or against an AI. Libellus - Tab-based wiki/Lexicon for DnD 5th edition. System and Customization Pika Backup - Simple backups based on borg. Déjà Dup Backups - Simple backups tool. GNOME Tweaks - Graphical interface for advanced GNOME settings. HydraPaper - Set a different background for each monitor. Dynamic Gnome Wallpapers - Gallery of MacOS like dynamic wallpapers, and easy scripts to install them GDM Settings - A settings app for GDM (GNOME's Login Screen a.k.a GNOME Display Manager). AdwSteamGtk - Adwaita for Steam skin installer. Flatseal - Flatpak permission manager. Mission Center - Monitor your CPU, Memory, Disk, Network and GPU usage. Bottles - Wine environments manager to run Windows software and games. BoxBuddy - Graphical Distrobox manager. Pods - Podman containers manager. Ptyxis - Terminal with first-class support for containers. Damask - Application that automatically sets wallpaper from a variety or sources (local folder, Wallhaven, Bing Wallpaper, NASA Astronomy, etc). Luminance - Simple application to control brightness of displays (including external) supporting DDC/CI. Bustle - D-Bus activity viewer that draws diagram sequences. Embellish - Application to install and manage Nerd Fonts on the system. Resources - Monitor for system resources and processes that can terminate graphical applications and processes. Utilities Dialect - Translate text. Audio Sharing - Share your computer audio. Boatswain - Control your Elgato Stream Decks. Decoder - Scan and Generate QR Codes. Junction - Junction lets you choose the application to open files and links. Impression - Bootable driver flasher application Kooha - Elegantly record your screen. Lan Mouse - Mouse and keyboard sharing software (software KVM switch). Moussam - Weather application with 7 days forecast from Open-Meteo.com. Snoop - Application (with Nautilus extension) to search through file contents in a given folder. Security and Privacy Obfuscate - Censor private information. Metadata Cleaner - View and clean metadata in files. Secrets - Keepass-compatible password manager. Authenticator - Generate Two-Factor Codes. Collisions - Check hashes for your files. File Shredder - Securely delete your files. Key Rack - Tool that allows to view and edit keys, like passwords or tokens, stored by apps. Development and Design GNOME Builder - Official IDE for creating GNOME applications. Gaphor - The simple modeling tool for UML and SysML. Webfont Kit Generator - Create @font-face kits easily. Commit - Commit message editor. Workbench - Learn and prototype with GNOME technologies. Lorem - Generate placeholder text. Share Preview - Test social media cards locally. Text Pieces - Transform text without using random websites. Forge Sparks - Git forge (GitHub, Gitea, Forgejo) desktop notification application. Biblioteca - GNOME documentation (offline) reader with fuzzy search, dark mode and mobile support. Hieroglyphic - Application to search for LaTeX symbols by sketching. Sysprof - Profile an application or entire system. DevHelp - Developer tool for browsing and searching API documentation. Escambo - HTTP-based APIs test application. Turtle - Tool to manage Git repositories within Nautilus by providing emblems and context menus. Aurea - Simple preview banner made to read metainfo files from Flatpak apps and represent them as they would on Flathub. Exhibit - 3D model previewer based on the F3D library that supports many formats. Cartero - Graphical HTTP client to perform HTTP requests and test web APIs. Dev Toolbox - Toolbox for developers providing converters, formatters, Regex/Cron testers, hash generators and more. Design Tooling App Icon Preview - Simple utility to preview icons. Palette - Tool for viewing the GNOME colour palette. Contrast - Check the contrast between two colors. Icon Library - Symbolic icons for your apps. Symbolic Preview - Symbolics Made Easy. Emblem - Generate project avatars. Others Boxes - View, access, and manage remote and virtual systems. Third-party Apps Plugins Nautilus Terminal - Integrates a terminal into Nautilus. Extensions Docks and Panels Dash-to-Dock - A fully-featured dock. Dash-to-Panel - Make your desktop more similar to W7/KDE. Dock-from-Dash - Simply transform your Dash into a Dock. Customization and Tweaks Just Perfection - Customize GNOME Shell. Custom Hot Corners - Extended - Customize hot corners. Quick Settings Tweaker - Tweak your quick settings menu. Menus Application Menu - Category-based menu for applications. Places Indicator - Menu that provides fast access to your folders. Arc Menu - Windows7-like application menu inspired by the one in Zorin OS. Fly-Pie - Mouse-based menu. Applets RunCat — The cat tells you the CPU usage by running speed. Caffeine - Applet that let you deactivate the GNOME lock screen. Removable Drive Menu - Status menu to show your removable drives. OpenWeather - Weather applet. Clipboard Indicator - Simple clipboard applet. Todo.txt - Interface for todo.txt. GSConnect - KDE Connect implementation. KStatusNotifiers/AppIndicator Support - Appindicator systray. Windows PaperWM - Tiled scrollable window management. Coverflow Alt-Tab - Advanced fullscreen app switcher. Visual Changes Blur-my-shell - Apply a blur effect to the overview and top panel background. Compiz windows effect - Adds wobbly effects to windows. Useless Gaps - For aesthetic purposes adds useless gaps around tiled and maximized windows. Desktop Cube - A Desktop Cube for GNOME Shell Burn My Windows - Open/Close your windows with style. Look and Feel Icons Upstream Style MoreWaita - An Adwaita-style icon theme for Gnome Shell. GNOME++ - Third-party application icons compatible with GNOME's current guidelines. Pop! - Official icon theme of Pop!_OS by System76. Material Icons Paper - Material icon theme. Papirus - Material icon theme, initially based on Paper. Flat Icons La Capitaine - Icon inspired by macOS and Material Design guidelines. Homogeneous Icons Obsidian - Continuation of the famous Faenza theme. Numix Circle - Flat rounded icon theme. Numix Square - Flat square icon theme. Skeumorphic Icons Elementary XFCE - Desktop-agnostic version of the icons of elementary OS. Cursors ComixCursors - X11 mouse theme with a comics feeling. Bibata - Silm material-based cursor theme. Capitaine Cursors - An x-cursor theme inspired by macOS and based on KDE Breeze. Designed to be paired with La Capitaine icons. Themes for non-GTK apps Adwaita for Steam - Skin to make Steam look more like a native GNOME app. Adwaita theme for VS Code - Dark and light themes for VS Code based on GNOME's look and GNOME Builder's syntax highlighting. Discord GNOME Theme - A GNOME theme for Discord, following the Adwaita style & GNOME Human Interface Guidelines. Firefox GNOME Theme - Integrate Firefox into GNOME-based desktop using Adwaita. Thunderbird GNOME Theme - Integrate Thunderbird into GNOME-based desktop using Adwaita. Obsidian Adwaita Theme - Obsidian theme in the style of GNOME Adwaita. Community Official Venues GNOME News Feed - Official news posts. This Week in GNOME - Weekly news from project maintainers from the community. Apps for GNOME Planet GNOME - Federation of GNOME Developers' blogs. GNOME's Discourse GNOME Project Handbook GNOME Wiki (depreciated) #gnome on GIMPNet - General-purpose GNOME IRC channel (complete list of channels) GNOME Communities Reddit Stack Overflow GNOME on Social Networks @gnome on Twitter @gnome on floss.social @GNOMEDesktop on Facebook GNOMEDesktop on Youtube GNOMEDesktop on Peertube Developer Resources Libraries libadwaita - Library that contain official GNOME patterns and widgets (GTK4) libhandy - Building blocks for modern adaptive GNOME apps (GTK3) Relm4 - Building native applications with Rust and GTK4 Examples Hello - Set of Hello World examples for GNOME/GTK in different languages. Documentations GNOME Newcomers Wiki - Perfect place to start contributing to GNOME. GNOME Developer Center - Contains all the official GNOME documentations. GTK Documentation - Official GTK documentation. Valadoc - Documentation about Vala. GJS Documentation - Documentation for the JavaScript GTK bindings. GJS Guide - Guide for GJS. The Python GTK+ 3 Tutorial - Introduction to writing GTK+ 3 applications in Python. About A curated list of awesome apps, extensions, modules, themes and tools for the Gnome Desktop Environment. Topics awesome gnome applications awesome-list gnome-shell-extension Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 1.3k stars Watchers 30 watching Forks 56 forks Report repository Contributors 38 + 24 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.