GitHub - frenck/awesome-home-assistant: A curated list of amazingly awesome Home Assistant resources. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert frenck / awesome-home-assistant Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 369 Star 6.6k A curated list of amazingly awesome Home Assistant resources. awesome-ha.com 6.6k stars 369 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 4 Pull requests 21 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights frenck/awesome-home-assistant mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History533 Commits.github.github docs/cssdocs/css imagesimages scriptsscripts .gitignore.gitignore README.mdREADME.md mkdocs.ymlmkdocs.yml requirements.txtrequirements.txt View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductAwesome Home Assistant https://awesome-ha.com Home Assistant is an open source home automation that puts local control and privacy first. Powered by a worldwide community of tinkerers and DIY enthusiasts. Perfect to run on a Raspberry Pi or a local server. If you want to get an impression on the look and feel, you should check out the Home Assistant online demo. Awesome Home Assistant is a curated list of awesome Home Assistant resources. Additional software, tutorials, custom integration, add-ons, custom dashboard cards & plugins, cookbooks, example setups, and much more. The list is divided into categories. The links in those categories do not have pre-established order; the order is for contribution. If you want to contribute, please read the guide or raise an issue to suggest additions, updates or removals. Contents How to use Installing In case you need help Official Communities Other Communities Public Configurations Add-ons Official Add-ons Third Party Add-ons Dashboards Icon packs Themes Custom Cards Alternative Dashboards Custom Integrations DIY DIY Gateways DIY Projects Online Resources Blogs YouTube Channels Podcasts Twitter Uncategorized Alternative Home Automation Software Other Awesome Lists Trademark Legal Notice How to use Awesome Home Assistant is a fantastic list for people trying to automate every aspect of their home. Automating your home is a long, hard, and never finished task that usually involves a lot of tinkering. You can navigate through the list by: Simply press command/ctrl + F to search for a keyword Go through our Contents list Alternatively, use the search on our website: https://www.awesome-ha.com Installing Home Assistant has several installation methods; each has advantages and disadvantages. Many people have different opinions and personal favorites. Important to know that there is no wrong or right here; each technique installs the SAME Home Assistant. Home Assistant recommends the Home Assistant OS installation method. Home Assistant Installation - The official installation guides. Compare Installation Methods - The available installation methods compared. In case you need help There are various ways to get in touch with the Home Assistant community. It doesn't matter if you have a question, need help, want to request a feature, or just say ‘Hi’. Official Communities Home Assistant Discord - Join the chat, most of us are there. Home Assistant Community - The discussion forum, also used for feature requests. Home Assistant Subreddit - If you are into Reddit, subscribe. Home Assistant Facebook Group - Facebook group for enthusiasts. Other Communities Dr. ZZs - Facebook group by Dr. Zzs. Home Assistant Community Add-ons Discord - Get support on the Home Assistant Community Add-ons. ESPHome Discord - Get support for your DIY ESPHome project. 🇳🇱 Dutch Domotics Discord - Dutch Discord server with home automation enthusiasts. Public Configurations Some people store their full Home Assistant configuration on GitHub. They are an awesome source for learning and a great source of inspiration. Carlo Costanzo - Probably the most documented configuration out there. DubhAd - Also known as Tinkerer shares his configuration files. geekofweek - Has over 300+ automations. Mahasri Kalavala - Impressive setup, with lots of different hardware working together. Alok Saboo - Also known as arsaboo. Regularly updated. Aaron Bach - Also known as bachya. Regularly updated and includes numerous Dockerized services. Franck Nijhof - Hass.io based, very different configuration structure compared to others. Klaas Schoute - Hass.io based, Intel NUC, Ubuntu Server, Docker and regularly updated. Andrea Iannucci - Also known as SeLLeRoNe. Regularly updated. Add-ons Add-ons are additional applications and services, that can be run alongside Home Assistant. The Home Assistant OS and Supervised installations types, provide the Supervisor, which is capable of running and manage these add-ons. Official Add-ons Created and maintained by the Home Assistant team. DuckDNS - Updates your Duck DNS IP address and generate SSL using Let's Encrypt. File editor - Browser-based configuration file editor. Mosquitto - Fast and reliable MQTT broker. Terminal & SSH - Allows logging in remotely to using a web terminal or SSH client. Samba - Access your configuration files using Windows network shares. NGINX SSL proxy - Reverse proxy with SSL termination. deCONZ - Control a ZigBee network using ConBee or RaspBee hardware by Dresden Elektronik. TellStick - Run a TellStick and TellStick Duo service. Ada - Ada is voice assistant powered by Almond which is open and privacy-preserving. Almond - The Open, Privacy-Preserving Virtual Assistant. HomeMatic - HomeMatic central based on OCCU. Let's Encrypt - Get a free SSL certificate from Let's Encrypt; an open and automated certificate authority (CA). MariaDB - An open source relational database (fork of MySQL). Third Party Add-ons Anyone can create an add-on, the following are created by the community. SSH & Web Terminal - SSH and Web-based terminal with tons of pre-loaded useful tools. UniFi Controller - The UniFi Controller allows you to manage your UniFi network using a web browser. Node-RED - Flow-based programming for the Internet of Things. Plex Media Server - Your recorded media beautifully organized and ready to stream. IDE - Advanced web-based IDE, based on Cloud9 IDE. Dasshio - Easily use your Amazon Dash Buttons. InfluxDB - Scalable datastore for metrics, events, and real-time analytics. Grafana - Open platform for beautiful analytics and monitoring. Tor - Protect your privacy and access your instance via Tor. Spotify Connect - Spotify Connect client for playing music on your Home Assistant device. zigbee2mqtt - Zigbee to MQTT bridge, get rid of your proprietary Zigbee bridges. AppDaemon - Python Apps and HADashboard. TasmoAdmin - Centrally manage all your Sonoff-Tasmota devices. Aircast - AirPlay capabilities for your Chromecast players. AirSonos - AirPlay capabilities for your Sonos players. Dropbox Sync - Upload your backup snapshots to Dropbox. Log Viewer - Browser-based live log viewing utility. Tautulli - Monitor and get statistics from your Plex server. motionEye - Simple, elegant and feature-rich CCTV/NVR for your cameras. JupyterLab - Create documents containing live code, equations, visualizations, and explanatory text. Backup to Google Drive - Backup snapshots to Google Drive. Glances - A cross-platform system monitoring tool written in Python. Matrix - A secure and decentralized communication platform. AdGuard Home - A network-wide ad-and-tracker blocking DNS server with parental control. Traccar - Traccar is modern GPS Tracking Platform. Home Panel - A touch-compatible web frontend for controlling the home. Hass.io Google Drive Backup - A complete and easy to configure solution for backing up your snapshots to Google Drive. Grocy - ERP beyond your fridge! A groceries & household management solution for your home. EmonCMS - A powerful open-source web app for processing, logging, and visualizing energy, temperature, and other environmental data. CrowdSec - A next-gen collaborative IPS/IDS to protect you from intrusion. Dashboards The Home Assistant frontend is already pretty, but you can customize it to fit your needs or taste better. Dashboards Documentation - The official documentation. 📺 Getting started with Lovelace UI - Great introduction to Lovelace UI by DrZzs. Share the Love - Custom card demos and configuration examples for Lovelace. 📺 How to set up Lovelace - Excellent step by step video for beginners by JuanMTech. Icon packs Font Awesome Icons - Use the free icons from Font Awesome in your frontend. Hass Hue Icons - Additional Philips Hue bulbs and fixtures icons. simpleicons - Use the free icons from the simpleicons set. Themes It is all about the looks, apply some style. 📺 Themes Tutorial - Quick tutorial/example on how to configure themes. Midnight - A dark theme by Marcel Hoffs. Dark Cyan - A dark theme with cyan accents by Ryoen Deprouw. Grey Night - A dark theme with grey accents by ksya. Dark Red - A dark theme with red accents by Ryoen Deprouw. Halloween - Pumpkins colored by Mahasri Kalavala. Black and Green - A dark theme with pale green accents by GreenTurtwig. Vintage - Give your frontend a vintage look with this theme by Anup Surendran. Carbon Green - Light carbon theme with green accents by Reua. Many Themes, One Repo - 13 Themes in a convenient ZIP file. Slate - A dark theme close to the vanila looks from seangreen2. Synthwave - A theme influenced by the cover artwork of modern Synthwave bands. Google Home Theme - Two themes (light and dark) matching the design of Google Home Hub. Custom Cards The Home Assistant Dashboards allows people to build custom cards on top of it, which you can easily add to your instance. Auto-Entities Card - Dynamically adds entities: 🔮 Magic. Canvas Gauge Card - Use awesome gauges from canvas-gauges.com. Big Number Card - Display big numbers for sensors, including severity level as background. Animated Weather Card - Nice looking card showing the weather, with subtle animations. Thermostat Card - Thermostat control card that looks like a Nest Thermostat. Mini Media Player - A minimalistic media player card. Mini Graph Card - A minimalistic sensor graph card. Button card - Button card for your entities. Slider Entity Row - Add a slider to adjust, e.g., the brightness of lights in lovelace entity cards. Power Wheel Card - An intuitive way to represent the power that your home is consuming or producing. Simple Thermostat - A simpler and more flexible thermostat card. Card Modder - Style your Lovelace cards. Bar Card - Customizable animated bar card. forked-daapd Card - Control a forked daapd instance. Dual Gauge Card - Shows two gauges in one. Atomic Calendar Revive - Calendar card with advanced settings. Xiaomi Vacuum Card - Detailed card for Xiaomi vacuum cleaners (and others). Simple Weather Card - A minimalistic weather card, inspired by Google Material Design. Home Card - A quick glance of the state of your home. Banner Card - A fluffy linkable banner with interactive glances to spice up your home dashboards. Spotify Card - List and select from current available devices and users top playlists on Spotify. Battery Entity - Displaying battery levels for battery entities. Multiple Entity Row - Show multiple entity states or attributes on entity rows. Vacuum Map Card - This card provides a user-friendly way to fully control Xiaomi (Roborock/Viomi/Dreame/Roidmi) and Neato (+ possibly other) vacuums. Home Feed Card - Display a combination of persistent notifications, calendar events, and entities in the style of a feed. Config Template Card - Allow using templates in Lovelace. RGB Light Card - Colorful buttons to control your RGB Lights. LG WebOS Remote Control - Remote Control for LG TV WebOS. Restriction Card - A card to provide restrictions on Lovelace cards defined within. Vacuum Card - A card to card for controlling a vacuum cleaner robot. Purifier Card - A card for controlling air purifiers. Raspberry Pi Status Card - Show status of your Raspberry Pis. Alternative Dashboards TileBoard - A simple yet highly configurable Dashboard. Dwains Dashboard - An fully auto-generating dashboard for desktop, tablet and mobile. Custom Integrations Additional integrations for Home Assistant, that were created by the community. Lutron Caseta Pro - Integrates Lutron Caseta Smart Bridge PRO / RA2 Select. SmartIR - Integrates devices using Broadlink IR. Xiaomi Hygrothermo - Sensor platform for Xiaomi Mijia BT Hygrothermo temperature and humidity sensor. Volkswagen Carnet - Integrates Volkswagen Carnet (requires valid Carnet subscription). Untappd - Connects with your Untappd account. Elasticsearch - Publishes events to Elasticsearch. Alexa Media Player - Allow control of Amazon Alexa devices. iCloud3 - Improved version of the iCloud device tracker component with a lot of capabilities. HACS - This is a manager for your custom integration (components) and plugin (lovelace elements) needs. Circadian Lighting - Circadian Lighting slowly synchronizes your color changing lights with the regular naturally occuring color temperature of the sky throughout the day. HASS Aarlo - Asynchronous Arlo integration. Similar to the Arlo web site; monitors events and states for all base stations, cameras and doorbells. Xiaomi Cloud Map Extractor - Presents a live view of a map for Xiaomi (Roborock/Viomi/Roidmi/Dreame) vacuums without a need for rooting. WebRTC Camera - View RTSP streams from IP Cameras in real-time through WebRTC or MSE with Pan/Zoom controls. Sonoff LAN - Control Sonoff devices with eWeLink (original) firmware over LAN and/or Cloud. Spotcast - Start Spotify playback on an idle Chromecast device as well as control Spotify connect devices. The Watchman - Keep track of missing entities and services in your config files. DIY Do It Yourself; rather than buying home automation hardware or solutions, you could also build them yourself! ESPHome - Program ESP8266 boards and ESP32 boards using YAML. Magic Cards - RFID scannable cards that you can program to do anything. Tasmota - Firmware for ESP8266 boards and devices. DIY Gateways OpenMQTTGateway - A flexible MQTT gateway for IR, RF, BLE, MiFlora, SMS, and many sensors. esp8266 Milight Hub - Alternative hub for Milight/LimitlessLED devices that uses MQTT. zigbee2mqtt - Zigbee to MQTT bridge, get rid of your proprietary Zigbee bridges. DIY Projects HA SwitchPlate - LCD Touchscreen wall switch replacement. 📺 DIY Multisensor - $15, Temperature, Humidity, Light, Motion, and RGB LED, without soldering. $10 WiFi RGB Bulb - In inexpensive RGB bulb that works on WiFi. 433mhz/IR Bidirectional Gateway - Bidirectional with IR and 433mhz using ESP8266 and MQTT. esp8266MQTTBlinds - Automate your window blinds using an ESP8266, a servo and MQTT. Home Assistant's Hackster.io - A Hackster channel with multiple DIY projects. ESP MQTT Digital LEDs - WS2811 LED Stripe for the JSON Light Component from BRUH. Bed Presence Detection - ESP8266 based Bed Presence Detection. NFC Scanner - Build an NFC tag/card scanner with an ESP8266, PN532 and MQTT. ESP32-Cam Facebox - Tie a ESP32-CAM, HA, and Facebox together for a cheap Facial Recog / Home monitoring solution. RaspiPool - A cost-effective, easy-to-build, easy-to-use "Swimming-Pool Automation System". QuinLED - DIY Wi-Fi LED dimmers and controllers using ESP32 boards. Online Resources Links to various users of Home Assistant that regularly publish Home Assistant focussed content. Blogs DIY Futurism - Brad posts articles with great instructions for new users. Phil Hawthorne - Co-host of the Home Assistant Podcast. Smart Home Hobby - Features budget friendly guides and information. Self Hosted Home - Articles on DIY home automation projects and self hosted services. Tinkering with Home Automation - Tinkerer's blog and guides. HomeTechHacker - DIY Smarthome guides, reviews, and advice. Intermittent Technology - Quindor's personal blog for pasting random (mostly technology related) things. YouTube Channels Sit back, relax, watch, and learn. Home Assistant - Official YouTube Channel where new launches and live streams are held. BRUH - Ben has great tutorials for getting started, unfortunately, inactive lately. BurnsHA - Great informational and tutorial videos. DrZzs - Great how-to videos and also streams live. The Hook Up - Tutorials and more, also has videos on home automation in general. HASSCASTS - Tips, Tricks & Tutorials, moving to mainly live streams. JuanMTech - Easy to follow how-to videos, product reviews and more. vCloudInfo - Publishes videos based on his home and GitHub repository. digiblurDIY - Tutorials on hardware projects and Tasmota automations. Intermit.Tech - Tutorials & reviews: Camera's, Home Networking, ESP8266 boards, Node-RED. BeardedTinker - Tutorials & 3D printing. Smart Home Junkie - How-to videos and tutorials for starters and advanced users. Everything Smart Home - Focuses on Smart Home, Home Automation, general tech reviews, guides, and step-by-step DIY projects. Podcasts Get inspired, while commuting, doing your morning routine, or at the gym! Home Assistant Podcast - Biweekly podcast with the latest news and interesting guests. Twitter Keep up with the latest news and updates, 280 characters at a time! @home_assistant - Open source home automation that puts local control and privacy first. @hass_devs - Latest news on the development of Home Assistant for contributors. @balloob - Founder of the Home Assistant project. @pvizeli - Core developer and creator of the Hass.io project. @frenck - Creator of this Awesome list and maintainer of the Community Hass.io Add-ons project. @ccostan - Blogger of all things Tech. Smart Home, #IOT & other Geeky subjects. @HomeTechHacker - Guy friends call when #tech happens. Tweet 25-50x/week about #smarthome, #homenetwork, #cybersecurity, #Linux, #gadgets, and #life. @hassioaddons - For all commmunity add-on news and updates. @Dr_Zzs - Great how-to videos and also streams live. Uncategorized Valuable links, that don't fit in any of the above categories (yet!). Room Assistant - A companion client to handle sensors in multiple rooms. Home Assistant Companion - iPhone/iPad/iOS App to control and monitor your home remotely. Mi Flora via MQTT daemon - Collect and transfer Xiaomi Mi Flora plant sensor data via MQTT. hassctl - Simple command line utility to help debug your configuration. rhasspy - Toolkit for developing custom voice assistants. Fully Kiosk Browser - Highly configurable Android Kiosk Browser and App Launcher. AppDaemon - AppDaemon is a loosely coupled, multi-threaded, sandboxed Python execution environment for writing automation apps. Developer Documentation - The official developer documentation. HASS Configurator - Browser-based configuration file editor. HA-Dockermon - A Node.js service for RESTful switches to control Docker containers. Python Amazon Dash - Hack your Amazon Dash to run what you want. Without welders. homekit2mqtt - HomeKit to MQTT bridge. Home Assistant Device Database - Database of supported/confirmed working devices. Jinja Scripts for Curious Minds - Bunch of Jinja2 scripts helping you to understand it better. Ariela - Freemium Android client application with widget support. Gitlab CI/CD - How to simplify your smart home configuration with GitLab CI/CD. Monitor - Distributed advertisement-based BTLE presence detection reported via MQTT. HASS-data-detective - Explore and analyse your database data. ADB Intents - List of ADB intents to control Android Devices. Home Assistant Config Helper for VSCode - Visual Studio Code Extension that provides auto-completion, config validation and snippets when editting your configuration. Home Assistant Taskbar Menu - A client for Windows that can display Lovelace views, control entities and show persistent notifications. Alternative Home Automation Software Home Assistant isn't the only home automation framework out there, here are some alternatives. openHAB - Java-based and aims at being a universal integration platform. Domoticz - A lightweight Home Automation System. Gladys - Open source program which runs on your Raspberry Pi. SmartThings - Commercial home automation hub by Samsung. Other Awesome Lists Other amazingly awesome lists that can be found on the great and dangerous interwebs. awesome-smarthome - Curated list of awesome SmartHome/Home Automation things. awesome-iot - Curated list of awesome Internet of Things projects and resources. awesome-open-iot - Curated list of open source IoT frameworks, libraries and software. awesome-amazon-alexa - Curated list of awesome resources for the Amazon Alexa platform. awesome-mqtt - Curated list of MQTT related stuff. awesome-selfhosted - Curated list of awesome self hosted software. Contributing This awesome list is an active open-source project and is always open to people who want to contribute to it. We have set up a separate document containing our Contribution Guidelines. The original setup of this awesome list is by Franck Nijhof. For a full list of all authors and contributors, check the contributor's page. Thank you for being involved! 😍 Trademark Legal Notice This Awesome list is not created, developed, affiliated, supported, maintained or endorsed by Home Assistant. All product names, logos, brands, trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners. All company, product, and service names used in this list are for identification purposes only. Use of these names, logos, trademarks, and brands does not imply endorsement. About A curated list of amazingly awesome Home Assistant resources. awesome-ha.com Topics home-automation mqtt iot awesome smarthome internet-of-things awesome-list diy home-assistant homeautomation home-assistant-config hacktoberfest homeassistant homeassistant-config hassio-repository hassio hassio-addons Resources Readme Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 6.6k stars Watchers 166 watching Forks 369 forks Report repository Sponsor this project patreon.com/frenck ko-fi.com/frenck https://frenck.dev/donate/ Contributors 74 + 60 contributors Languages Shell 100.0% Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.