GitHub - francoism90/awesome-kde: A curated list of awesome apps, extensions, modules, themes and tools for the KDE Desktop Environment. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert francoism90 / awesome-kde Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 18 Star 545 A curated list of awesome apps, extensions, modules, themes and tools for the KDE Desktop Environment. License CC0-1.0 license 545 stars 18 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights francoism90/awesome-kde masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History80 Commitsmediamedia .gitattributes.gitattributes CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome KDE A curated list of awesome apps, extensions, modules, themes and tools for the KDE Desktop Environment. KDE is a free software community dedicated to creating an open and user-friendly computing experience, offering an advanced graphical desktop, a wide variety of applications for communication, work, education and entertainment and a platform to easily build new applications upon. Items marked with 📌 (pushpin) are projects hosted on KDE's own infrastructure and developed by the KDE community. Contents Applications Customization Documentation Articles Communities Applications Tip: An overview of the most used KDE community apps are listed on the official website. Internet & Networking Akregator - Enables you to follow news sites, blogs and other RSS/Atom-enabled websites 📌. Falkon - QtWebEngine based cross-platform web browser 📌. Firefox KDE - Standalone web browser from mozilla.org with OpenSUSE patch, integrate better with KDE. GSConnect - A complete implementation of KDE Connect especially for GNOME Shell with Nautilus, Chrome and Firefox integration. KDE Connect - A project to communicate across all your devices: receive your phone notifications on your desktop computer, control your desktop from your phone, etc 📌. KGet - A versatile and user-friendly download manager 📌. KMail - KMail is the email component of Kontact, the integrated personal information manager from KDE 📌. KNetworkManager - A KDE client for the back end NetworkManager software 📌. Konqueror - Uses the KHTML rendering engine (and optionally Webkit) so it supports the latest web standards such as HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, and others 📌. Konversation - A user-friendly Internet Relay Chat (IRC) client built on the KDE Platform 📌. KRDC - A client application that allows you to view or control a desktop session on another machine that is running a compatible server (VNC & RDP) 📌. KTorrent - A BitTorrent application which allows you to download files using the BitTorrent protocol 📌. NeoChat - Matrix network client for KDE 📌. Otter Browser - Otter Browser aims to recreate the best aspects of the classic Opera (12.x) UI using Qt5. Plasma-browser-integration - A suite of new features which make Firefox, Chrome and Chromium-based browsers work with your desktop 📌. qBittorrent - An advanced BitTorrent client programmed in C++, based on Qt toolkit and libtorrent-rasterbar. Qt WebBrowser - Qt WebBrowser is a browser for embedded devices developed using the capabilities of Qt and Qt WebEngine. Smb4K - Advanced Network Neighborhood Browser and Samba Share Mounting Utility 📌. Tokodon - Tokodon is a Mastodon client. It allows you to interact with the Fediverse community 📌. Graphics & Imaging digiKam - Professional Photo Management with the Power of Open Source 📌. Gwenview - A fast and easy to use image viewer by KDE 📌. KColorChooser - A simple application to select the color from the screen or from a pallete 📌. KolourPaint - A simple painting program to quickly create raster images. It is useful as a touch-up tool and simple image editing tasks 📌. Krita - Painting tool designed for concept artists, illustrators, matte and texture artists, and the VFX industry 📌. Okular - A universal document viewer 📌. Spectacle - An application for capturing desktop screenshots 📌. Multimedia Amarok - Amarok is a powerful music player for Linux, Unix and Windows with an intuitive interface 📌. Elisa - A music player developed by the KDE community that strives to be simple and nice to use 📌. Haruna - Open source video player built with Qt/QML and libmpv 📌. Kdenlive - A non-linear video editor for Linux using the MLT video framework. KMix - A sound channel mixer and volume control 📌. KWave - A sound editor built on the KDE Frameworks 5 📌. SMPlayer - Media player with built-in codecs that can play virtually all video and audio formats. VLC - A free and open source cross-platform multimedia player and framework that plays most multimedia files, and various streaming protocols. Office & Productivity Calligra - Includes efficient and capable office components 📌. GhostWriter - No distraction markdown editor 📌. Kate - A multi-document, multi-view text editor by KDE 📌. Kronometer A stopwatch application for KDE 📌. KWrite - A text editor by KDE, based on the KDE Frameworks editor component 📌. RSI Break - RSIBreak can be used to remind you to take a break now and then 📌. Kraft - Kraft simplifies to handle documents like invoices in your small business. System Administration Discover - Intended for users and distros where the terminal isn't the optimal solution for installation of apps and add-ons or updates 📌. Dolphin - File manager included in the KDE desktop 📌. KDiskFree - Displays the available file devices (hard drive partitions, drives, etc.) along with information on their capacity, free space, type and mount point 📌. KInfoCenter - A utility that provides detailed information about a computer system 📌. Konsole - Terminal emulator included in the KDE desktop 📌. Krusader - An advanced twin panel (commander style) file manager for KDE 📌. KSystemLog - A system log viewer tool 📌. Kup - A backup scheduler for KDE's Plasma desktop 📌. Sweeper - Sweeper helps to clean unwanted traces the user leaves on the system and to regain disk space removing unused temporary files 📌. Yakuake - A drop-down terminal emulator based on KDE's Konsole technology 📌. Utilities & Tools Android File Transfer - Reliable MTP client with minimalistic UI. Ark - Archiving Tool 📌. fancontrol-gui - GUI for fancontrol which is part of lm_sensors. KDE Wallet Manager - Manage the passwords on KDE systems. The KDE wallet subsystem allows access and password management of every application that integrates with the KDE wallet 📌. KeePassXC - Cross-platform community-driven port of Keepass password manager. KFind - A standalone search tool, launched by KRunner or from your menu. It is also integrated into Konqueror as "Find File" in the "Tools" menu 📌. KRename - A utility to rename multiple files 📌. KWin-lowlatency - An attempt to reduce latency and stuttering in the popular KWin compositor used in KDE. KWinFT - Wayland compositor and X11 window manager. QOwnNotes - Note taking app with cloud integration, web and mobile support. QtPass - A multi-platform GUI for pass. Wacom GUI - Python/PyQt Wacom GUI for KDE. Yin-Yang - Auto Night-mode for Linux. Development & Programming Kate - Kate is a Feature-Packed Code Editor with advanced support for LSP, Syntax Highlighting, multi-cursoe and more 📌. KDevelop - A cross-platform IDE for C, C++, Python, QML/JavaScript and PHP 📌. Kompare - A diff/patch frontend 📌. Okteta - Hex Editor 📌. Qt Designer - Qt tool for designing and building graphical user interfaces (GUIs) with Qt Widgets. Umbrello - UML Modeller is a Unified Modelling Language (UML) diagram program based on KDE Technology 📌. Education KTurtle - An educational programming environment that aims to make learning how to program as easy as possible 📌. LabPlot - Interactive graphing and analysis of scientific data 📌. Customization Note: Customizations quickly become outdated, it is recommended to look in the KDE Store or use Discover instead. Plasma desktop Extensions Bismuth - A KDE Plasma extension that lets you tile windows automatically and manage them via keyboard, just like in classical tiling window managers (i3, dwm or XMondad). (NOTE for KDE Plasma 6, check Polonium listed below) Dynamic Wallpaper Engine - A wallpaper plugin that continuously updates the desktop background based on the current time in your location. Hoppla - KDE Plasma desktop widget to control Philips Hue lights. Kvantum - An SVG-based theme engine for Qt4/Qt5, KDE and LXQt, with an emphasis on elegance, usability and practicality. Latte-Dock - Latte is a dock based on Plasma frameworks that provides an elegant and intuitive experience for your tasks and plasmoids 📌. Places Widget - Plasma 5 widget that gives access to user places. Polonium - The successor of Bismuth for KDE Plasma 6. Window AppMenu Applet - Plasma 5 applet in order to show the window appmenu. Window Title Applet - Plasma 5 applet that shows the current window title and icon in your panels. Karousel - KWin tiling script with scrolling. Works especially well with ultrawide screens. KCM Modules and Systems kcm-wacomtablet - KDE GUI for the Wacom Linux Drivers 📌. kde-gtk-config - GTK2 and GTK3 Configurator for KDE 📌. kded_rotation - A small, hacky KDED module for handling automatic screen rotation on tablets and hybrid laptops. Themes Adapta KDE - A port of the popular GTK theme Adapta for Plasma 5 desktop with a few additions and extras. Arc KDE - A port of the popular GTK theme Arc for Plasma 5 desktop with a few additions and extras. Breath - Breath Theme for Manjaro Linux (Plasma 5). Canta - A flat design theme for KDE Plasma desktop. ChromeOS - A materia Design theme for KDE Plasma desktop. Darkine KDE - Theme for KDE Plasma 5 desktop, SDDM and more. Fluent - A Microsoft inspired fluent Design theme for the KDE Plasma desktop. Helium - A translucent theme for Plasma 5. Hello - A compilation of various color-schemes, themes, icons and more for the KDE Plasma desktop. It is unopinionated, putting you in charge. Layan - A flat design theme for KDE Plasma desktop. Materia KDE - A port of the popular GTK theme Materia for Plasma 5 desktop with a few additions and extras. McMojave - A MacOSX Mojave like theme for KDE Plasma desktop. Orchis - A materia Design theme for KDE Plasma desktop. Qogir - A flat design theme for KDE Plasma desktop. WhiteSur - A MacOS Big Sur theme for KDE Plasma. Qt and GTK+ Applications Appearance Akava-Kv - User oriented Kvantum theme for KDE. breeze-gtk - A GTK Theme Built to Match KDE's Breeze 📌. Breeze10 - A Windows 10 style windows decoration for KDE Plasma. BreezeBlurred - A fork of KDE Breeze window decoration written in Qt C++. BreezeEnhanced - A fork of KDE Breeze decoration with additional options. Chrome-KDE5BreezeDark - A theme for Chrome on KDE5 when using the Breeze Dark window decoration. KDE-Rounded-Corners - Rounds the corners of your windows. SierraBreeze - OSX-like window decoration for KDE Plasma written in C++. Sweet KDE - A dark and modern theme for KDE plasma. XBoomer - XP Window Decorations for KDE Plasma. Icons Antu - A smooth icon theme designed for Plasma Desktop. Candy - Sweet gradient icons. Flatery - Icon theme for Linux in flat style. La Capitaine - Icon pack with inspiration taken from the latest iterations of macOS and Google's Material Design. Papirus - Material icon theme, initially based on Paper. Tela - A flat colorful Design icon theme. Zafiro - Minimalist icons created with the flat-desing technique, utilizing washed out colors and always accompanied by white. The priority is simplicity. Cursors Bibata - Material Based Cursor Theme. Capitaine - An x-cursor theme inspired by macOS and based on KDE Breeze. Scripts Grid-Tiling-Kwin - A kwin script that automatically tiles windows. Kröhnkite - A dynamic tiling extension for KWin. kwin-tiling - Tiling script for kwin. Display Manager Chili - The hottest login theme around for KDE Plasma 5. Delicious - A delicious SDDM theme for DE collectors/addicts. Sugar Candy - The sweetest login theme available for the SDDM display manager. Documentation and Resources KDE Wikis - The KDE wikis are a source of information and documentation for the KDE desktop, applications, teams, events and more 📌. KDE Invent - Discover KDE projects, groups and snippets 📌. KDE Bugtracker - KDE's official Bugtracker 📌. ArchWiki - Arch Linux KDE Wiki. Gentoo Wiki - Gentoo KDE Wiki. KDE Configs - List of KDE configuration files and more. Articles KDE.news - The official KDE news website 📌. Planet KDE - Blogs of KDE contributors 📌. Phoronix - Phoronix KDE News Archives. Nate Graham's Blog - Adventures in Linux and KDE. Nico's Blog - Programmer from Germany that is working on KDE. Kai Uwe's Blog - Stories of a Plasma developer. Communities Kreddit - KDE Community on Reddit. KDE Store - Official KDE Store for developers to share Plasma customizations 📌. Stack Overflow - Questions tagged with kde. License About A curated list of awesome apps, extensions, modules, themes and tools for the KDE Desktop Environment. Topics linux qt awesome kde plasma applications qt5 kde-desktop awesome-list Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 545 stars Watchers 15 watching Forks 18 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 9 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.