GitHub - rafaskb/awesome-libgdx: 🎮 📝 A curated list of libGDX resources to help developers make awesome games. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert rafaskb / awesome-libgdx Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 77 Star 1.1k 🎮 📝 A curated list of libGDX resources to help developers make awesome games. github.com/rafaskb/awesome-libgdx License CC0-1.0 license 1.1k stars 77 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 2 Pull requests 4 Discussions Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Discussions Actions Security Insights rafaskb/awesome-libgdx masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History141 Commits.gitattributes.gitattributes .gitignore.gitignore LICENSELICENSE code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md logo.pnglogo.png readme.mdreadme.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 license Awesome libGDX libGDX is a relatively low level, free, open source cross platform game development framework written in Java. This list is a curated collection of awesome resources, tools, tutorials, and projects using the libGDX game framework to help developers make awesome games, conforming to the Awesome Manifesto. Contributions very welcome but first see Contributing. Contents Resources Artificial Intelligence Controllers Editors Entity Component System (ECS) Physics Services Setup and Deployment User Interface Visual Effects Audio Others Tutorials Getting Started Advanced Assets Community Other Lists Resources Resources that can be used in libGDX code to boost the framework's capabilities. Algorithms and AI gdx-ai - Artificial Intelligence framework featuring Steering Behaviors, Formation Motion, Pathfinding, Behavior Trees and Finite State Machines. Simple Graphs - A java library for graph data structures and algorithms (including fast pathfinding). Controllers gdx-controllers - Adds support to gamepads and joysticks. gdx-controllerutils - Adds Scene2D button input support, user configurable button mappings and hotplugging for LWJGL2. sdl2gdx - Powerful gamepad implementation using SDL. Supports hundreds of controllers under the same mapping, rumble, and hotplugging. Editors HyperLap2D - Visual editor for complex 2D worlds and scenes with a runtime for libGDX. Mundus - World/level editor for 3D worlds with a runtime for libGDX. Spine - Skeleton-based animation tool that focuses specifically on 2D animation for games. Entity Component System (ECS) Artemis-odb - High performance java based Entity-Component-System framework. Ashley - A Java entity system inspired by Ash & Artemis. Physics Box2D - One of the most popular physics libraries for 2D games. Bullet - 3D Collision Detection and Rigid Body Dynamics Library. jbump - Easy to implement AABB collision detection useful for platformers and other simple 2D games. Services gdx-facebook - Provides cross-platform support for Facebook Graph API. gdx-fireapp - Cross-platform API for Firebase. gdx-firebase - Cross-platform (only Desktop/Android) API for Firebase. gdx-gameanalytics - Game Analytics REST API client implementation for libGDX. Works on all backends. gdx-gamesvcs - Easy integration of gameservices, such as Google Play Games, Apple Game Center, and more. gdx-pay - Provides a cross-platform API for InApp purchasing. steamworks4j - A thin wrapper which allows Java applications to access the Steamworks C++ API. Setup and Deployment gdx-liftoff - A modern setup tool for libGDX that supports more backends and allows adding libraries with one click. libgdx-library-template - A skeleton project for making new libraries, since they need different config. Packr - Packages your JAR, assets and a JVM for distribution on Windows, Linux and macOS. User Interface Freetype - Generate BitmapFonts of your desired size on the fly from lightweight .ttf font files. gdx-dialogs - Provides cross-platform support for native dialogs. gdx-skins - Free Scene2D GUI skins. InGameConsole - Allows a developer to add a console (similar to how it is featured in Source games) to their game. msdf-gdx - Provides lightweight utilities to draw high-quality MSDF (multi-channel signed distance field) text on libGDX. PieMenu - Radial menus for Scene2D that are highly flexible and easy to customize. Ray3K Skins - Free Scene2D.UI skins with example code, custom drawables, and experimental features. Skin Composer - Create skins for libGDX scene2d.ui with a graphical interface. TenPatch - An alternative to libGDX's 9patch implementation that implements multiple stretch regions. TextraTypist - Like TypingLabel (below), but also supports styles, emoji, multiple fonts, clickable links, etc. TypingLabel - A libGDX Label that appears as if it was being typed in real time. VisUI - Allows to create nice looking UI in libGDX using scene2d.ui. Note this is not a UI editor. Visual Effects Box2DLights - 2D lighting framework that uses Box2D for raycasting and OpenGL ES 2.0 for rendering. colorful-gdx - Expands how tinting can affect colors; also has many pre-written shaders. HackLights - Lightweight framebuffer based lighting engine for libGDX. gdx-vfx - Flexible post-processing shader visual effects based on libgdx-contribs-postprocessing. libgdx-screenmanager - A screen manager for libGDX supporting various transition effects Particle Park - A showcase of downloadable particle effects with live previews. Shape Drawer - A performant alternative to ShapeRenderer that avoids Batch flushing. gdx-gltf - GLTF 3D file format support (import/export), PBR shaders, and others advanced rendering. gdx-graph - Provides a GUI to design your rendering pipeline and shaders, and a library to easily incorporate them into your games. Audio TuningFork - Advanced 3D audio features for libGDX desktop users. gdx-miniaudio - Advanced Cross Platform Audio Engine for libGDX based on MiniAudio. gdx-sfx - Some goodies for better sound effects in libGDX. gdx-pd - Pure Data extension for libGDX. Others anim8-gdx - Allows saving (animated) GIFs and PNGs from sequences of Pixmaps, with configurable dithering if needed. gdx-dbgagent - Java Agent for debugging common issues, like objects not being disposed and constants such as Color.WHITE being modified. gdx-jnigen - Small library that allows C/C++ code to be written inline with Java source code. gdxGifRecorder - A utility class that records a GIF and saves it automatically. KTX - Kotlin extensions and utilities for libGDX. noise4j - Simple map generators based on various procedural content generation tutorials. Texture Packer GUI - A simple way to pack and manage texture atlases for libGDX game framework. libGDX Plugin - A plugin for IntelliJ IDEA and Android Studio that adds a number of libGDX features and tools, such as color previews and additional inspections for common mistakes. Tutorials Tutorials for newbies and seasoned developers alike. Getting Started Official libGDX Wiki - Official libGDX wiki that contains a huge amount of information. Tann's Hello libGDX - An excellent guide for beginners on how to create a game from scratch. Development Tutorial Playlist by Phillip Mod Dev - A series of videos going over the basics of libGDX. Brandon Grasley's Space Shooter Game - Video tutorial series on making a complete Android game from scratch. Creating a Launcher - Video tutorial on using libGDX to make a game launcher. Deploying with JPackage - A tutorial on deploying libGDX games with JPackage via Gradle commands. JSON in Game Dev - General tutorial on using JSON for storing data. Progress Bar Design - Discusses the pros and cons of different progress bar design techniques with examples. libGDX External Tutorials - Big list of official unofficial tutorials. Scene2D.UI From the Ground Up - Covers the basics of UI design in Scene2D, libGDX's premiere scene graph and layout toolkit. Advanced Code Hotswapping - Video tutorial on enabling code hotswapping for libGDX projects to increase productivity. Dynamic Textures with Pixmap - Details how to create a mask using Pixmaps. iOS Deployment Tutorial - Deploying to iOS in 2019 using RoboVM. Sub-pixel Perfect Smooth Scrolling - Pixel-perfect smooth scrolling. Introduction to 3D Series - A tutorial series on libGDX 3D using gdx-gltf. General Learning Material Book of Shaders - Step-by-step guide through the abstract and complex universe of Fragment Shaders. GLSL. Game Programming Patterns - Architecture and design patterns for games. Assets Collection of free and high quality assets to get your game to the next level. Kenney Assets - High quality assets for your game, from 2D and 3D art to sound effects. OpenGameArt.org - Repository offering a variety of open content assets. Game-Icons.net - Repository containing heaps of cool game related graphics. Jsfxr - Quickly create unique sound effects by pressing a few buttons, excellent for prototyping. freesound.org - Huge collaborative database of audio snippets, samples, recordings, bleeps. Community Get in touch with other libGDX developers to collaborate and get help. Discord - An active chat with various leaders from the community available every day. Recommended Reddit - Unofficial subreddit for libGDX. Not a lot of activity. Other Lists Other awesome lists that might be useful to libGDX developers. Game Networking - A Curated List of Game Network Programming Resources. Game Talks - A curated list of gaming talks (development, design, etc). Java - A curated list of awesome Java frameworks, libraries and software. Kotlin - A curated list of awesome Kotlin related stuff. Magic Tools - A list of Game Development resources to make magic happen. Game Accessibility Guidelines - A straightforward reference for inclusive game design, to ensure that games are just as fun for as wide a range of people as possible. Recommended Awesome Gamedev - A collection of free software and free culture resources for making amazing games. Contributing Contributions welcome! Read the contribution guidelines first. License About 🎮 📝 A curated list of libGDX resources to help developers make awesome games. github.com/rafaskb/awesome-libgdx Topics awesome libgdx awesome-list Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 1.1k stars Watchers 48 watching Forks 77 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 18 + 4 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.