GitHub - hobbyquaker/awesome-mqtt: A curated list of MQTT related stuff. :sparkles: Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert hobbyquaker / awesome-mqtt Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 260 Star 2.2k A curated list of MQTT related stuff. ✨ 2.2k stars 260 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Pull requests 12 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Pull requests Security Insights hobbyquaker/awesome-mqtt masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History347 Commits.gitignore.gitignore .travis.yml.travis.yml README.mdREADME.md contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEAwesome MQTT A curated list of MQTT related stuff. MQTT is a lightweight client-server publish/subscribe messaging protocol, optimized for high-latency or unreliable networks. This protocol is a good choice for Internet of Things applications, Telemetry, Sensor Networks, Smart Metering, Home Automation, Messaging and Notification Services. Contents Community Resources Broker Cloud Platforms Tools Clients Scripting Interfaces Makers Industry Telephony, PBX Operating System Monitoring Location Tracking Logging Smart Home Hardware Interfaces Smart Home Integration Software Lighting Home Entertainment Smart Metering Messaging Misc Visualization, Dashboards Architecture, Convention Security, Encryption Community Resources mqtt.org. MQTT community wiki. Google Groups: MQTT. IRC channel #mqtt on the freenode network. A list of public brokers. Blogs Ben Hardill Dominik Obermaier Jan-Piet Mens Nick O'Leary Talks An Introduction to MQTT: Why HTTP isn't the King of the Internet of Things - Shinji Kim, Robert Bird - Akamai, Samsung Developer Conference 2017. Einführung in MQTT - Dominik Obermaier & Jens Deters, Building IoT conference 2016 (German). Broker Ably - MQTT broker service and protocol adapter ActiveMQ - A fast Java multiprotocol messaging and Integration Patterns server. Aedes - Barebone MQTT broker that can run on any stream server, the node way. Emitter - A distributed, scalable and fault-tolerant publish-subscribe messaging platform based on MQTT protocol and featuring message storage. EMQ X - Scalable and Reliable Real-time MQTT Messaging Engine for IoT in 5G Era. esp_uMQTT_broker - A basic MQTT Broker on the ESP8266. hbmqtt - Python MQTT broker using asyncio. HiveMQ - Java MQTT Broker that supports MQTT 3.1, 3.1.1 and 5.0. Commercial and open source editions available. hrotti - A MQTT broker written in Go. KMQTT - Kotlin Multiplatform MQTT broker, both embeddable and standalone. Moquette - Java MQTT lightweight broker. Mosca - Mosca is a node.js MQTT broker, which can be used Standalone or Embedded in another Node.js application. Mosquitto - "The" Open Source MQTT Broker. Free test server hosted by the Eclipse Foundation. Authorization Plugin in Go supports many types of logins. Let's Encrypt Mosquitto Docker Container makes it easy to encrypt. MyQttHub - Cloud MQTT broker. Mystique - An extendable MQTT broker written in Go, with HTTP capabilities for observability. Implements MQTT v3.1.1. RabbitMQ - RabbitMQ offers a MQTT Adapter. SurgeMQ - High Performance MQTT Server and Client Libraries in Go. VerneMQ - an Apache2 licensed distributed MQTT broker, developed in Erlang. Vert.x MQTT - Vert.x component to handle connections, communication and messages exchange with remote MQTT clients. Waterstream - MQTT broker leveraging Apache Kafka as its own storage and distribution engine. NanoMQ - A light-weight and Blazing-fast MQTT Broker for IoT Edge platform. Cloud Adafruit IO - Adafruit IO is the easiest way to connect your project to the internet. You can easily connect your project to Adafruit IO with your device-of-choice by using your programming language of choice (we have lots of libraries) and control or monitor over the internet. Data stored with Adafruit IO is yours to manage and control. Alibaba Cloud IoT Platform - Provides secure and reliable communication between devices and the IoT Platform which allows you to manage a large number of devices on a single IoT Platform. AWS IoT Core - AWS IoT Core is a managed cloud service that lets connected devices easily and securely interact with cloud applications and other devices. AWS IoT Core can support billions of devices and trillions of messages, and can process and route those messages to AWS endpoints and to other devices reliably and securely. With AWS IoT Core, your applications can keep track of and communicate with all your devices, all the time, even when they aren’t connected. Azure IoT Hub - Enable highly secure and reliable communication between your IoT application and the devices it manages. Azure IoT Hub provides a cloud-hosted solution backend to connect virtually any device. Extend your solution from the cloud to the edge with per-device authentication, built-in device management, and scaled provisioning. CloudMQTT - Hosted message broker for the Internet of Things. Perfectly configured and optimized message queues for IoT, ready in seconds. EMQ X MQTT Cloud - A secure, reliable MQTT cloud service with best pratices from EMQ team. flespi - Free and secure cloud MQTT broker with private namespaces, MQTT 3.1.1 and MQTT 5.0 support and gorgeous limits. Google Cloud IoT - Google Cloud IoT is a complete set of tools to connect, process, store, and analyze data both at the edge and in the cloud. The platform consists of scalable, fully-managed cloud services; an integrated software stack for edge/on-premises computing with machine learning capabilities for all your IoT needs. HiveMQ Cloud - HiveMQ Cloud is a fully managed MQTT platform that connects IoT devices to any IoT cloud platform. A cloud native IoT messaging platform that simplifies reliable and scalable IoT device connectivity. IBM WATSON - With Watson, you can bring AI tools and apps to your data wherever it resides – whether it's on IBM Cloud, AWS, Azure, Google, or your own private cloud platform. Platforms mainflux - device management, data aggregation, data management, data analytics,connectivity and message routing and event management. Supported by Linux Software Foundation. Core analytics thingsboard - Device management, data collection, processing, event management, and visualization for your IoT projects. Tools hivemq-mqtt-web-client - Browser-based MQTT client that utilizes MQTT over websockets. Direct Link imqtt - Interactive MQTT packet manipulation shell based on IPython. IoT-Testware - The Eclipse IoT-Testware is a collection of conformance test suites for IoT protocols enriched with additional tools for fuzzing and performance testing. moxy - A Golang MQTT proxy providing useful output traces to monitor and troubleshoot your MQTT communications. MQTT Board - Open-source diagnostic-oriented MQTT client tool. mqtt-admin - Web based MQTT frontend. Direct Link. mqtt-benchmark - A benchmarking tool for MQTT Servers. MQTT CLI - A command line interface for connecting various MQTT clients supporting MQTT 5.0 and 3.1.1. mqtt-client - A Simple MQTT Client command line (Python) (use paho lib) mqtt-forget - Command line tool to remove retained MQTT topics by wildcard. mqtt-fuzz - A simple fuzzer for the MQTT protocol. mqtt-malaria - scalability and load testing utilities for MQTT environments. mqtt-mirror - Mirror MQTT traffic from one broker to another. Available as a CLI tool, helm chart or docker image. MQTT-PWN - MQTT-PWN intends to be a one-stop-shop for IoT Broker penetration-testing and security assessment operations. mqtt_recorder - Simple cli tool for recording and replaying MQTT messages. mqtt-shell - A simple interactive shell for MQTT. mqtt-spy - Java based MQTT frontend. Supports scripting. mqtt_tree - Displays all Topics in an expandable tree, helps to get an overview if you have a lot of clients publishing. (python, tkinter) mqtt-utils - A collection of MQTT utilities. mqtt-wall - Subscription only web-based client – like Twitter wall for MQTT. mqtt-wildcard - Node.js Module to match a MQTT Topic against wildcards. MQTT.fx - MQTT.fx is a MQTT Client written in Java based on Eclipse Paho. Supports scripting. mqttcli - MQTT Client for shell scripting. MQTTInspector - A general MQTT testing app for iOS (iPhone and iPad). MQTTLens - A Google Chrome application, which connects to a MQTT broker and is able to subscribe and publish to MQTT topics. MQTT Explorer - Tool to visualize your MQTT topics in a topic hierarchy, a MQTT swiss-army knife. MQTT TUI - Simple lightweight terminal based MQTT monitor and publisher. Python MQTT Client Shell - a text console-based, interactive shell for exercising various tasks associated with MQTT client communications. SimpleMQTT - A Slack app to send messages from Slack to MQTT brokers with slash commands. Wireshark-MQTT - MQTT dissector for Wireshark. VSMQTT - Simple MQTT client integrated in Visual Studio Code. MQTTX - MQTTX is a cross-platform MQTT desktop client open sourced by EMQ, which supports macOS, Linux, and Windows. MQTT-Tiles - MQTT-based IoT dashboard visualization tool. Allows easy dashboards sharing. Works with any MQTT broker supporting the WSS protocol. Clients aiomqtt - Async Python MQTT client based on paho-mqtt. CocoaMQTT - MQTT for iOS and OS X written with Swift. emqttc - Asynchronous Erlang MQTT Client. gmqtt - Python MQTT v5.0 client (asyncio-based). hbmqtt - Python MQTT client using asyncio. hivemq-mqtt-client - High-performance Java MQTT client library with different API flavours for MQTT 5.0 and 3.1.1. Hulaaki - An Elixir library for clients communicating with MQTT brokers. luamqtt - Pure-lua MQTT v3.1.1 and v5.0 client. Machine Head - A Clojure MQTT Client. MiniMQTT - MQTT Client Library for CircuitPython MIMIC MQTT Simulator - Simulate up to 100,000 MQTT clients per server for development/testing/deployment of IoT applications. Moscapsule - MQTT Client for iOS written in Swift. Mosquitto-PHP - A wrapper for the Mosquitto MQTT client library for PHP. mqtt_cpp - MQTT client for C++14 based on Boost.Asio. mqtt_lua - MQTT Client library for the Lua language. MQTT-C - A portable MQTT C client for embedded systems and PCs alike. MQTT-Client-Framework - iOS, OSX, tvOS native ObjectiveC MQTT Client Framework. mqtt-client - A Polymer Web Component that implements a MQTT client (uses Paho mqttws31.js). mqtt-elements - Polymer elements for MQTT. mqtt-rs - MQTT protocol library for Rust. mqtt-stats - Subscriber client to monitor MQTT Topic Statistics mqtt-wrapper - Polymer Element that wraps other Elements and links them to MQTT topics. mqtt.dart - Dart MQTT client. MQTT.js - MQTT client for Node.js. mqtt - MQTT Clients, Servers and Load Testers in Go. mqttex - MQTT implementation in Elixir. MQTTKit - MQTT Objective-C client for iOS. mqtt_monitor - simple and lightweight console moniotor for mqtt topics, with eye-candies, in python 3. Paho - Open source client implementations (C/C++, Java, Python, Javascript, Go, C#). pubsubclient - A client library for the Arduino Ethernet Shield that provides support for MQTT. ruby-mqtt - Pure Ruby gem that implements the MQTT protocol. rumqtt - A fast, lock free pure Rust MQTT client. tcl-mqtt - Small library to connect to a MQTT broker. Very, very basic. TMQTTClient - MQTT Client Library for Delphi. Vert.x MQTT - Vert.x component that provides methods for connecting/disconnecting to a broker, publishing messages and subscribing to topics. wolfMQTT - A client implementation of the MQTT written in C for embedded use. It supports SSL/TLS via the wolfSSL library. MQTTnet - MQTT client and broker implementations in .NET. Scripting logic4mqtt - Java based Logic and scripting engine for use with MQTT. Uses Java's general scripting interface, so scripts can be written in a multitude of languages like Javascript, Groovy etc. mqtt-scripts - Node.js based script runner. Node-RED - A visual tool for wiring the Internet of Things. Interfaces Makers arduinoTemps2mqtt - Arduino sketch, grab One-wire Temperature's and publish to a MQTT broker. Basecamp - An Arduino library to ease the use of the ESP32 in IoT projects. See c't Magazin 2'2018 (German). deskmate - A hackable & portable MQTT-powered mini dashboard and control center. MySensors - Arduino NRF24L01 based sensor network with support for an MQTT gateway pubsubclient - A client library for the Arduino Ethernet Shield that provides support for MQTT. RFM69-MQTT-client - Arduino RFM69 based sensors and MQTT gateway. rpi2mqtt - Connect a RaspberryPis GPIOs and 1-Wire Temperature Sensors to MQTT. xbee2mqtt - XBee to MQTT gateway. ESP ESP32-BLE2MQTT - BLE to MQTT bridge, exposes BLE GATT characteristics as MQTT topics for bidirectional communication. ESP8266MQTTMesh - MQTT over mesh WiFi integrated library for ESP8266 esp_mqtt - MQTT client library for ESP8266. mqtt-ir-transceiver - ESP8266 based bidirectional gateway between MQTT and IR. Use with PlatformIO. mqtt-with-micropython - Connect to MQTT with micropython and wipy/others (ESP32 inside) nodemcu-gpiomqtt - Lua script to connect ESP8266 GPIOs to MQTT. Firmwares for ESP based Devices There are many inexpensive smart home Wi-Fi devices based on inexpensive ESP8266 chip (see: 1, 2, 3). Most of them can be reflashed with custom firmware. Here are complete firmwares to turn them into MQTT-controlled smart home nodes: ESPEasy - Turns ESP into a multifunction sensor device for HA solutions with web-based configuration. ESPHome - builds ESP8266/ESP32 firmware from concise YAML descriptions, uploads to and manages flashed devices. Espurna - HA firmware for ESP8266-based devices with rich web UI and ≈120 devices supported out of the box OpenMQTTGateway - MQTT gateway for ESP8266, ESP32, Sonoff RF Bridge or Arduino with bidirectional 433mhz/315mhz/868mhz, Infrared communications, BLE, beacons detection, mi flora, mi jia, LYWSD02, LYWSD03MMC, Mi Scale compatibility, SMS & LORA. Sonoff-Tasmota - Firmware for ESP8266 devices with web-based configuration. ≈500 devices supported (not only Sonoffs). WiFi-IoT - ESP8266/ESP32 firmware builder. Partly in Russian. Free features are limited. Industry CODESYS-MQTT - A MQTT client for CODESYS PLC spicierModbus2mqtt - Modbus master which publishes register values via MQTT. mqtt2opcua - Bi Directional MQTT to OPCUA Bridge. OPC Router - MQTT Gateway (publisher/subscriber) with various plug-ins (OPC UA Bridge, SQL Bridge, REST Bridge, SAP Bridge) Telephony, PBX agi-mqtt - Interface between Asterisk and MQTT. fritz2mqtt - Connect FRITZ!Box to MQTT. sip2mqtt - A SIP monitoring script that publishes incoming calls with CallerID to MQTT. sms2mqtt - Docker Gateway to send/receive SMS through MQTT using an USB GSM dongle (gammu). Operating System mqtt-os-status - Operating-system related data, published to an MQTT broker at fixed intervals. mqttlauncher - Execute shell commands triggered by published MQTT messages. mqttpc - Control processes via MQTT. Ability to send signals via MQTT and to publish stdout/stderr or pipe MQTT payloads into stdin. mqttwatchdir - Recursively watch a directory for modifications and publish file content to an MQTT broker. psmqtt - Utility reporting system health and status via MQTT. WinThing - Remotely control Windows through MQTT. Monitoring check-mqtt - A Nagios/Icinga plugin for checking connectivity to an MQTT broker. nag2mqtt - Nagios event broker to MQTT gateway. notify-by-mqtt - A Nagios/Icinga notification module which wraps data into JSON and fires it off to an MQTT broker. mqtt2notifysend - Subscribe to a topic and show notifications from MQTT messages on Ubuntu & other notify-send compatible Linux distros. Location tracking OwnTracks - Location tracking and geofencing for MQTT. Logging graylog-plugin-mqtt - MQTT Input Plugin for Graylog. influx4mqtt - Subscribe to MQTT topics and insert into InfluxDB. mqtt2elasticsearch - Send MQTT messages to Elasticsearch. mqtt2graphite - Archived! Instead use mqttwarn with carbon plugin. mqttcollect - A collectd "Exec" plugin for MQTT. mqtthandler - A Python logging handler module for MQTT. mqtt2mongodb - Subscribe to MQTT topics and insert into MongoDB. mqtt-firebase - A CLI tool for subscribing to MQTT topics and dumping them to a firebase firestore DB. Smart Home Hardware Interfaces aqara-mqtt - Aqara (Xiaomi) Gateway to MQTT bridge. aqara2mqtt - Attach Aqara Smart Hubs to MQTT. can2mqtt - CAN-Bus - MQTT Bridge (also works vice versa). cul2mqtt - Interface between Busware CUL (868MHz RF-Devices like ELV FS20, HMS, EM, ...) and MQTT. domiqtt - Connects to a Domiq Base (LCN) and translate from and to MQTT. eno2mqtt - Interface between an Enocean USB300 (TCM310) adapter and MQTT. Evohome2mqtt - MQTT Interface for the Honeywell Evohome system. gardena2mqtt - Docker Gateway to control GARDENA Smart system devices (Sileno mower, Irrigation Control, etc.) through MQTT. helios2mqtt - A daemon for syncing a helios easy controls system like my KWL EC 220D to MQTT. hm2mqtt.js - Interface between EQ-3's Homematic line of smarthome devices and MQTT. Supports Homematic IP. homeeToMqtt - Bidirectional Interface between homee and MQTT. HS100toMQTT - Gateway between TPLink HS100/HS110 and MQTT. ipcam2mqtt - A small FTP server to receive movement images from ipcameras and turn them into MQTT alerts. knx-mqtt-bridge - ridges KNX and MQTT using the knx.js library. knx2mqtt - Interface between the KNX home automation standard and MQTT. mcsMQTT - Plug-in for HS3 (HomeSeer). mqtt-dss-bridge - MQTT digitalSTROM-Server Bridge. mqtt-unifi-protect-bridge - Adding motion-status from UniFi Protect Cameras to MQTT. mqtt2homekit - Roughly the opposite of homekit2mqtt: Control your HomeKit-enabled devices with MQTT and without Siri or iPhone. node-lox-mqtt-gateway - Gateway for Loxone™ mini server to communicate with MQTT broker. smartthings-mqtt-bridge - Bridge between SmartThings and MQTT. xiaomi2mqtt - bridge between the Xiaomi Smart Home Gateway Aquara and a MQTT server. zigbee2mqtt - Allows you to use your Zigbee devices without the vendors (Xiaomi/TRADFRI/Hue) bridge/gateway. zwavejs2mqtt - Zwave to Mqtt gateway and Control Panel Web UI. Smart Home Integration Software control-freak - IDE for IoT & friends. Built in MQTT support. Domoticz - Domoticz beta supports MQTT. FHEM has a MQTT module since V5.6. Home Assistant has a MQTT component. Home.Pi is based on MQTT. Homegear has build in MQTT support. homekit2mqtt - Interface between HAP-NodeJS and MQTT. Control MQTT connected devices with Siri or HomeKit Apps. ioBroker has a MQTT adapter. Node-RED - A visual tool for wiring the Internet of Things, has native MQTT Support. openHAB has a MQTT binding. pimatic has a MQTT plugin. Lighting Arilux_AL-LC0X - This is an alternative firmware for Arilux LED controllers which uses MQTT. chromoflex2mqtt - Control Chromoflex USP3 RGB LED modules via MQTT. h801/mqtt - Alternative firmware for the H801 LED dimmer that uses MQTT as a control channel. hue2mqtt.js - Interface between the Philips Hue bridge and MQTT. MQTT DMX Controller - DMX Controller with MQTT support. mqtt-dmx-sequencer - Headless counterpart to MQTT DMX Controller - use scenes and sequences exported from the MQTT DMX Controller and control them via MQTT. sunricher-wifi-mqtt - control Sunricher LED devices using MQTT. TRADFRI2MQTT - MQTT Bridge for IKEA TRÅDFRI Light Gateway. Home Entertainment airtunes2mqtt - MQTT controlled Multi-Room Audio with Airplay/Airtunes Devices. bravia2mqtt - Control your Sony Bravia TV with MQTT. broadlink-mqtt - MQTT client to control BroadLink RM devices. chromecast-mqtt-connector - Control your Google Chromecast devices using MQTT. harmony-api - A simple server allowing you to query/control multiple local Harmony Home Hubs over HTTP or MQTT. htd2mqtt - Bridge between an HTD Lync audio system and MQTT. kodi2mqtt - Interface between a Kodi media center instance and MQTT. lgtv2mqtt - Interface between LG WebOS Smart TVs and MQTT. lirc2mqtt - Send and receive infrared via LIRC. mopidy-mqtt - MQTT features for Mopidy. MQTT-DashCast-Docker - MQTT Docker to launch DashCast session on Chromecast. mqtt2atlonamatrix - Control Atlona HDMI matrix switches with MQTT. mqtt2tivoremote - Make TiVo DVR remote control available through an MQTT smarthome style interface. onkyo2mqtt - Interface between Onkyo AVR's EISCP network remote protocol and MQTT. Uses the onkyo-eiscp library. sonos2mqtt - A bridge between Sonos and MQTT. VLC MQTT Module - Control VLC via MQTT. xbmc2mqtt - A simple plugin for XBMC to listen for a particular topic on an MQTT broker, and display a popup message. yamaha-avr2mqtt - A simple adapter for connection Yamaha AVR to MQTT. Smart Metering bcontrol2mqtt - Publish measurements from TQ Energy Manager / Busch-Jäger Energy Monitor to MQTT. Messaging mqtt-irc-bot - A MQTT to IRC / IRC to MQTT bridge or bot. mqttwarn - Subscribe to MQTT topics (with wildcards) and notify pluggable services. twitter-to-mqtt - A python daemon that uses the Twitter Streaming API to access tweets and republishes them to an MQTT topic. Misc AlexaMqttBridge - Bridge between Amazon Alexa and MQTT. bt-mqtt-gateway - Easily extensible Bluetooth to MQTT gateway, currently supports: EQ3 smart thermostat, Xiaomi Mi Scale, Linak Desk, MySensors and Xiaomi Mi Flora plant sensor. buderus2mqtt - Bridge between Buderus KM200 internet gateway and MQTT. chrome2mqtt - Python program to enable MQTT control endpoints for chromecasts (both audio and video). dashbutton2mqtt - Publish Amazon Dash Button presses to MQTT. flowerpower2mqtt - Publish measurements from Parrot Flower Power plant sensors to MQTT. gBridge - gBridge allows you to control (almost) any smart home device, any smart home software, with Google Assistant. Therefore, it transforms actions received from Google by voice commands to MQTT messages. haiku2mqtt - A bridge between Haiku smart fans and MQTT. homely - Collection of Go daemons for connecting Domoticz and other stuff. kobold2mqtt - Bridge between Vorwerk Kobold Vr200 internet gateway and MQTT. leaf-python-mqtt - Extract data from Nissan Leaf API and post to MQTT. miflora-mqtt-daemon - Linux service to send Xiaomi Mi Flora plant sensor data to an MQTT broker. MQTT.Cool - A web gateway that optimizes any MQTT broker when sending real-time data to web clients with automatic throttling. mqtt2ble - A way to bridge MQTT topics to BLE Gatt characteristics. mqttclpro - MQTT Client with tasker integration Android app. mqttDB - A JSON store with MQTT interface. mqtt-camera-streamer - Stream images from a connected camera over MQTT & view using Streamlit MQTT Joystick Controller - Open Source Android app that lets you control everything with your smartphone. Download it from Google Play. mqtt-transformer - A simple service which consumes, transforms and periodically republish json messages on MQTT. node-mqtt-for-anki-overdrive - Node.js Controller and MQTT API for Anki Overdrive. parrot-sample - Sample code which uses MQTT to control a Parrot AR Drone. serial2mqtt - A Linux gateway to connect low-cost microcontrollers only with a serial port to MQTT. snowboy2mqtt - Publish MQTT Messages on Snowboy Hotword Detection. speedtest2mqtt - Run speedtest-cli and publish results via MQTT. unifi2mqtt - Publish connected clients from Ubiquiti Unifi to MQTT. Valetudo - Xiaomi (Roborock) Vacuum Robots Firmware with MQTT and Webinterface. wlan-thermo-mqtt-addon - Addon for a popular DIY barbecue thermometer. Tasker (Automation for Android) MQTT Publisher Plugin. MQTT2ETCD - MQTT-ETCD gateway: PUT keys on ETCD through MQTT, and watch ETCD key changes on MQTT topics Visualization, Dashboards Crouton - A dashboard that taps into your IOT network, using only MQTT and JSON. d3-MQTT-Topic-Tree - A MQTT Topic Tree viewer using the d3 collapsible tree and MQTT over websockets. HelloIoT - HelloIoT is a MQTT client and dashboard application. HOMR-REACT - A configurable MQTT Visualization. IoT OnOff - Configurable iOS/Android app. Linear MQTT Dashboard - Easy, customizable control panel - MQTT-client. MMM-mqtt - This is an extension for the MagicMirror². It provides the ability to subscribe to MQTT topics and display them. MQTT Dash - Android App: With the app you can create dashboards for your MQTT enabled IoT Smart Home devices and applications. MQTT-Hyperdash - A universal independent MQTT Dashboard for linux/Raspberry Pi. MQTT.Cool Test Client - A web interface for testing interaction between MQTT.Cool and any MQTT broker. mqtt-panel - A web interface for MQTT. mqtt-prometheus-message-exporter - A small service which will convert mqtt messages to prometheus metrics. mqtt-svg-dash - Subscribe to MQTT, extract JSON from a message and make lights blink on an SVG page. mqtt2highcharts - Plotting live numbered data from a subscribed MQTT topic using Highcharts. MYHELLOIOT - MYHELLOIOT is a MQTT dashboard application inspired in my other MQTT project HelloIoT. node-red-dashboard - A dashboard UI for Node-RED. PlotJuggler - PlotJuggler is a tool to visualize time series (from sources such as: MQTT, Websockets, ZeroMQ, UDP, etc., supports data formats such as JSON, CBOR, BSON, Message Pack, etc.). It is a fast, powerful and intuitive cross-platform tool. Other tools that can be used to create Visualization/Dashboards can be found under Platforms and Smart Home Integration Software. Architecture, Convention mqtt-smarthome - Smart home automation with MQTT as the central message bus - Architectural proposal. The Homie Convention - A lightweight MQTT convention for the IoT. Security, Encryption Teserakt E4 - End-to-end encryption and key management for MQTT and other M2M protocols – Open-source and paid plans. Contribute Contributions welcome! Read the contribution guidelines first. License About A curated list of MQTT related stuff. ✨ Topics mqtt list awesome smarthome internet-of-things awesome-list Resources Readme Activity Stars 2.2k stars Watchers 137 watching Forks 260 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 71 + 57 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.