GitHub - unicodeveloper/awesome-nextjs: :notebook_with_decorative_cover: A curated list of awesome resources : books, videos, articles about using Next.js (A minimalistic framework for universal server-rendered React applications) Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert unicodeveloper / awesome-nextjs Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 950 Star 10.7k 📔 📚 A curated list of awesome resources : books, videos, articles about using Next.js (A minimalistic framework for universal server-rendered React applications) 10.7k stars 950 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 8 Pull requests 66 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights unicodeveloper/awesome-nextjs masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History426 CommitsCONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md README.mdREADME.md nextjs-logo.svgnextjs-logo.svg View all filesRepository files navigationREADMEAwesome Next.js Curated list of resources: books, videos, articles about using Next.js. Next.js: The React Framework. List inspired by the awesome list thing. You might also like awesome-tdd. Contents Awesome Next.js Contents Community Essentials Articles Boilerplates Extensions Apps Books Videos Projects(Beginner level) Newsletters Contributing License Community GitHub GitHub discussions for Next.js Vercel Community Essentials Blog Learn Vercel TV Bulletproof Next Articles Instant Site Updates with On-Demand Revalidation and Directus Dynamic CMS-driven Redirects with Next.js Implementing RBAC Authorization in Next.js - Step-by-Step Guide Getting Started with Next.js, GraphQL and React Query Using Next.js with FaunaDB: How to Query the Database from Your App How to Build a Serverless Next.js Blog with ButterCMS Build a Universal JavaScript App with Next.js Getting Started with Next.js — Setting Up Your App Getting Started with Next.js — Bringing Data In How to build a Next.js React Universal App Next on Next.js Accept payments on your site with nextjs, stripe, and micro Next.js on Cloud Functions for Firebase with Firebase Hosting Building a Blog With Next.js Using Google Analytics with Next.js Build a Universal JavaScript App with Next.js and Redux [Russian] 5 (of the Many Reasons) to love Vercel's Next.js Next.js 5: Universal Webpack, CSS Imports, Plugins and Zones Realtime data visualization using Next.js and Chart.js Build a chat app with sentiment analysis using Next.js Build a realtime table with Next.js SSR blog with Next.js and Prismic.io SEO in Next.js and Prismic SEO in Next.js with next-seo Next.js 7 Create SSR Next.js websites using GraphQL with Postgres Cooking a Deliveroo clone with Next.js (React), GraphQL, Strapi and Stripe - Setup (part 1/7) Next.js E-commerce Tutorial: Quick Shopping Cart Integration Working with Ghost and Next.js Using Tailwind CSS with Next.js Using Feature Flags in Next.js Adding code snippets to Next.js using react-syntax-highlighter Build company's Website/App with our astonishing Next.js template Guaranteeing webhook delivery in NextJS Application Building a Guestbook Using Next.js On-Demand ISR Useful Admin Templates to build your Website/App Integrate Next app with Tailwind A Guide to Performance Optimization with Next.js Boilerplates Kaminari Template - Power packed Next.js and Tailwind CSS template. Built with developer experience in mind. Contains Husky, CommitLint, Prettier, Eslint etc. configs. ✨ Next.js Static Blog - Next.js static blog powered by the Cosmic Headless CMS NextJS Headless CMS Powered Blog Starter Next.js App with AWS Lambda - Deploy a Next.js App to AWS Lambda using Apex Up. Nitro 🚀 - An Example of a PWA using Nextjs, Material-UI, Typescript and Auth0 💗 Next & Now 2.0 Typescript template - Serverless, Typescript, Jest, Github CI, SCSS, prettier boilerplate Next Right Now - Flexible production-grade boilerplate with Next.js 9 and Vercel, with pre-configured Sentry, cookies, Amplitude, Emotion, FontAwesome, GraphQL/GraphCMS (Apollo), Bootstrap (Reactstrap), i18next (Locize), Jest, Cypress (E2E tests) and CI/CD (GH Actions), with full TypeScript support and support for B2B multi-tenants web apps (monorepo) Next Graphql Apollo Typescript_Boostrap - Pobocha - React + GraphQL + Next.js + Apollo + Scss + Typescript + Prettier & EsLint boilerplate Next & Vercel Typescript template - Serverless, Typescript, Jest, Github CI, SCSS, prettier boilerplate NextJS in Firebase with Bootstrap - Hosting NextJS app with Bootstrap in Firebase with Cloud Functions. Next Simple Starter - Simple PWA boilerplate with Next.js and Redux. NextJS Starter - Starter project for Next.js with and email and oAuth authentication. nextjs-starter - An SEO Optimized Next.js 10 starter kit template with React 17 + Typescript + Tailwind CSS 2 + React Query 3 + (GitHub Auth + Passwordless Auth) using (NextAuth.js and Fauna DB), ESLint, Prettier, Pre-commit hook with Husky. Can have different layouts for different pages. RAN! - Production-ready boilerplate with support for GraphQL, SSR, Hot-reload, CSS-in-JS, caching, and more. Next Simple Blog - Simple Markdown based blog built with Next.js with static exports. phox - Create a static photo blog. Next Express Bootstrap Boilerplate - Boilerplate for a full stack app built using Next, Express, react-bootstrap, SCSS and SSR with eslint. Next Blog Firestore - Blog with simple CMS built with Next.js, Firebase Firestore, styled-components and mobx-state-tree. Next Redux Starter - Next.js starter with Express, Redux, and PostCSS. NextJS Redux-Wrapper Material-UI - 🤓 A boilerplate NextJS with Redux and Material UI. Staart - 😎 Actively maintained Next.js components library and minimal boilerplate to rapidly get staarted with app with working user accounts based on Ooth. NextJS TypeScript Starter Kit - 🎉 TypeScript + NextJS, Styled-jsx, Redux, PostCSS, configurable SEO Next Boilerplate - External CSS and Sass + Importing images from anywhere + Prettier and Eslint + Environment variables and many more features. next-starter - A full and simple boilerplate with sass (.scss) and postcssbuilt in. Typescript Monorepo Next Example - A minimalistic next.js + typescript monorepo. tomimick/tm-nextjs-starter - A minimal starter/demo with basic CRUD, axios/localstorage, MobX, SASS, static site export, live demo csprance/next-smrt - A minimal boilerplate with redux, styled-components, material-ui and typescript with a custom express server. Nextron - An Electron with Next.js apps generator ⚡ next-boilerplate - A well-structured production ready Next.js boilerplate with Typescript, Redux, Express.js, Sass, Css, EnvConfig, Reverse Proxy, Bundle Oh My Fullstack - Full stack web application skeleton (Next.js, Redux, RxJS, Immutable, Express) Next-Postgres-With-Typescript - Forum-like fullstack web app with Next 7.0.2 + Sequelize 4/Postgres + Typescript + Redux + Passport Local Auth + Emotion Next.js with Express and Babel - An application skeleton for those who want to transpile their Express as well as their Next.js code using Babel. next-postgres-graphql - Create SSR Next.js websites using GraphQL with Postgres (Next.js, Postgres, GraphQL) nextjs-mongodb-app - Full-fledged app made with Next.JS and MongoDB, with authentication and much more (Next.js 9, MongoDB) react-next-boilerplate - 🚀 A basis for reducing the configuration of your projects with nextJS, best development practices and popular libraries in the developer community. The-Nextjs-starter - typescript + redux + styled-components + react-testing-library + eslint + fontawesome The Knests Stack - Full stack boilerplate/hackathon starter with: PostgreSQL, Knex.js, NestJS, Next.js (obviously), GraphQL, React (with hooks and typescript), Material-UI, Docker multistage images for, Docker compose and a Gitlab CI/CD pipeline fully configured. Devii - A Medium-inspired dev blog starter built with Next.js, React, and TypeScript, with Markdown rendering, syntax highlighting, SEO/meta tags, and RSS feed generation out of the box. Nextjs Blog Starter - 🚀 The perfect starter code for your blog based on Next.js framework. ⚡️ Made with Next.js, TypeScript, ESLint, Prettier, PostCSS, Tailwind CSS. Next.js and Netlify Blogging Template - A perfect boilerplate for building a blog website on Netlify stacks with standard features like tagging, CMS, and shortcodes. Nextjs Apollo Nexus - GraphQL Apollo Client-Server integration in Next.js with Nexus Schema (Code first approach). Nextjs Starter Peacock - 🦚 Beautiful Nextjs portfolio starter for software engineers and designers to show work they're so proud of. Nextatic - 🌍 Static website multi-language boilerplate with user-editable pages and navigation using Netlify CMS + Next.js + SCSS + Typescript. Sitemap generator for NextJS & StrAPI - 🦾 An additional server on express that runs alongside nextjs and regenerates sitemap ( with index sitemap ) and robots.txt files on request from STR API. superplate - superplate creates Next.js app in seconds with TypeScript, styled-components, SWR, Storybook, and 35+ plugin. Hydrogen - Hydrogen is a Nextjs blog starter template build with tailwindCss and MDX supports. It has all necessary MDX shortcodes out of the box. Next-Fire-Auth - A awesome boilerplate for startup application with authentication using Next.js + Typescript + Tailwind CSS + Firebase-auth + React-Firebase-Hooks NextJS Chargebee Subscription - A Chargebee focused T3 Stack that integrates User Subscriptions, Authentication and Testing. Driven by Prisma ORM. Next.js Enterprise - enterprise-grade boilerplate for high-performance, maintainable apps. Built with Tailwind CSS, RadixUI, TypeScript and more. Start UI [web] - 🚀 opinionated UI starter with TypeScript, React, NextJS, Chakra UI, tRPC, Prisma, TanStack Query, Storybook, Playwright, Formiz Extensions Next universal language detector - Language detector that works universally (browser + server) - Meant to be used with a universal framework, such as Next.js DEMO Next Routes - Universal named routes for Next.js. Next-Pkg - Extended Next.js server with pkg support. Next Plugin Graphql - Next.js plugin for .graphql and .gql files using graphql-tag Next With Apollo - Apollo Graphql integration for Next.js Next SEO - SEO made easy for Next.js Next-Sitemap - Sitemap generator for Next.js Next UserAgent - UserAgent parser for Next.js Next Cookie - Cookie serializer and deserializer library for Next.js. Nextein - A static site generator based in Next.js. next-mdx-blog - Easily add a blog to any next.js based project next-i18next - The easiest way to translate your NextJs apps. next-routes-middleware - A NextJS routing middleware Serverless Framework plugin for Next.js - Deploy serverless applications with ease. Terraform For Next.js - Deploy your application using Terraform next-session - Session middleware for Next.js next-iron-session - Next.js stateless session utility using signed and encrypted cookies to store data Next PurgeCSS - Easily integrate Purgecss, which helps you remove unused CSS from your bundle. Next PWA - Zero config PWA plugin for Next.js with workbox flow-middleware - Run any of Express middlewares on Next.js without polluting native objects. next-connect - The Express/Connect-compatible router and middleware layer for Next.js. next-img - a plugin for embedding optimized images with ease. next-auth - Easy authentication for Next.js and Serverless next-deploy - 🚀 Effortless deployment to AWS and GitHub Pages. next-joi - Validate Next.js API Routes, with joi. next-transpile-modules - Next.js plugin to transpile code from node_modules. Useful for monorepos. Destack for Next.js - Next.js extension to visually build landing pages locally. UseSIWE - React hooks and Next.js API routes that make it super easy to add Sign-In with Ethereum to your app. Runtime Environment Variables for Next.js – Stop configuring ENV variables in CI/CD, use a cloud-native approach. next-google-tag-manager – Easily add Google Tag Manager to Next 13 and up. next-api-decorators - Decorators to create typed Next.js API routes, with easy request validation and transformation. Apps CourseLit - An open source alternative to Thinkific, Teachable etc. Feednext - An open source social media application. NextJS GOT - Simple Next.js application that showcases Game of Thrones Characters. Relate - Mindfulness community - React, GraphQL, Next.js. Password - One password, right way. Next Todos - Todo list written in Next.js. Hacker News - Another Hacker News written in Next.js. Jet Chat - Jet and Next.js powered Chat demo. Nextgram - Sample Next.js v2 app for showing off its capabilities. Rauchg Blog - Blog built by a Next.js core maintainer. Next JPH - JsonPlaceholder sample app made with Next.js. Mailto - HTML mailto's made easy. Plate - The task management app to rule them all. Dashboard - Create your own team dashboard with custom widgets. Snape - A torrent client to search, stream and download torrents. Trello Resume - Converts trello data into fast read information. Server Authentication with JWT - Server authentication, prevent render before validation. Alexander Kachkaev’s website – personal homepage built with Next.js, GraphQL, Docker and Kubernetes. Uses apollo client, react-intl, styled-components and recompose. Docker images are automatically built by GitLab CI. Cookie handler with server render - Cookie handler with server render, access the cookie before render. Gank - A Next.js App use gank-api, mobx and antd Decoupled CMS example with GraphQL and Next.js Mozilla VR Home - Mozilla VR Home Elton John's website - Elton John's Website IOTA's Data Market Place - IOTA Market Place magicleap.com - Magic Leap NPM.js Search Page - NPM's Search Page Docker Success Center - Docker Success Center Urteile & Gesetze - German Legal Information System licensed under GPLv3. TikTok's HomePage - TikTok's Home Page njt.now.sh - npm jump to 🐸 (package navigation shortcuts you dreamed about). Partially statically-rendered, partially deployed as lambda. Automatically updated on each commit to the github repo, thanks to Now integration. caseconverter.pro - A text case converter. Tottem - Bookmark manager on steroid built with NextJs / Auth0 / Apollo Tools / Prisma2 Slow TV Map - A fun way to discover relaxing virtual experiences. Next.js + Chakra UI + MySQL hosted on Vercel. Twitter Clone - Twitter clone built with Next.js + T3 Stack + NextAuth + Supabase + Prisma. Taxonomy - An example app built using Next.js 13 server components. shadcn/ui - Beautifully designed components that you can copy and paste into your apps. StorageBox - A Simple File Storage Service Built with Go and Next.js. Books Hands On Next.js - A practical fullstack book on universal (server) rendering for react applications. Next.js Quick Start Guide - Create, build and deploy universal JavaScript applications using Next.js The Next.js Handbook - Build a frontend React application that transparently handles server-side rendering for you. Serverless Web Applications with React and Next.js - Use Next.js serverless features to access databases and authenticate users in your React applications Cut Into The Jamstack: Build a SaaS with React and Next.js - Build a full-stack software-as-a-service application using Next.js, Prisma ORM, Cloudinary API, Chakra-UI and React Hook Form. Real World Next.js - Build scalable, high-performance, and modern web applications using Next.js, the React framework for production Videos Create your first ReactJS application with NextJS [Spanish] React Server Side Rendering with NextJS Guillermo Rauch - Next.js by Example Guillermo Rauch - Next.js: Universal React Made Easy and Simple Introduction to Next.js Next.js in production Parameterized Routing with Next.js JSHeroes 2017 | Guillermo Rauch - Static and Dynamic Next.js Programming the Universal Future with Next.js - Guillermo Rauch · JSConf China 2017 BPJS: Special - Introduction to Next.js Next for Next.js Data Management With Next.js and GraphQL Next.js Register User Next.js Crash Course - Server Side React Mastering Next.js - 50+ lesson video course for building applications with Next.js and React. Next.js Tutorial - In depth Next.js tutorials. Next.js Conf 2020 - All the videos from the 2020 Next.js conference Full-stack food ordering app with Hasura, Next.js, and Vercel How to use Credentials Authentication in Next.js with NextAuth? Projects(Beginner level) Full Stack Netflix Clone in React, Tailwind CSS, Next.JS, Prisma, MongoDB, NextAuth & Vercel (2023) Build and Deploy a Modern Next 13 Website With Framer Motion & Tailwind CSS Next js 13 project - IMBb Clone - next js tailwind css project - nextjs project Next js 13 project - Google clone (next.js 13, tailwind css 3, google search api, app router next js project - Twitter clone Build and Deploy: TWITTER clone with React, Tailwind, Next, Prisma, Mongo, NextAuth & Vercel (2023) NextJS 13 Tutorial: Create a Static Blog from Markdown Files Full Stack Airbnb Clone with Next.js 13 App Router: React, Tailwind, Prisma, MongoDB, NextAuth 2023 Real-Time Messenger Clone: Next.js 13, React, Tailwind, Prisma, MongoDB, NextAuth, Pusher (2023) Full Stack Spotify Clone: Next 13.4, React, Stripe, Supabase, PostgreSQL, Tailwind (2023) Full Stack E-Commerce + Dashboard & CMS: Next.js 13 App Router, React, Tailwind, Prisma, MySQL, 2023 Newsletters Next.js News - Monthly Next.js newsletter showcasing new and upcoming features, best articles, tools, and plugins. Next.js Notes - Monthly Next.js and JavaScript platform news. Contributing Found an awesome package, article, blog, video etc.? Send me a pull request! Just follow the guidelines. Thank you! Check out my blog or say hi on Twitter. License About 📔 📚 A curated list of awesome resources : books, videos, articles about using Next.js (A minimalistic framework for universal server-rendered React applications) Topics javascript framework isomorphic universal reactjs nextjs routing tutorials server-side-rendering awesome-list Resources Readme Activity Stars 10.7k stars Watchers 185 watching Forks 950 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 135 + 121 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.