GitHub - naimo84/awesome-nodered: A collection of interesting nodes and resources for Node-RED Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert naimo84 / awesome-nodered Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 25 Star 483 A collection of interesting nodes and resources for Node-RED License CC0-1.0 license 483 stars 25 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights naimo84/awesome-nodered mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History46 Commits.github.github .gitattributes.gitattributes LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Node-RED Curated list of useful resources for Node-RED. Node-RED is a programming tool for wiring together hardware devices, APIs and online services in new and interesting ways. It provides a browser-based editor that makes it easy to wire together flows using the wide range of nodes in the palette that can be deployed to its runtime in a single-click. Contents Installation Documentation Nodes Analysis Database Development Function Hardware I/O Image processing Parsers Smarthome Social System Time Utility UI Community Installation Running locally Running under Docker c't-Smart-Home - A ready-to-use setup for home automation maintained by german computer magazine c't. Home Assistant Community Add-on - Starts an instance within Home Assistant and communicates with it. ioBroker node-red Adapter - Starts an instance within ioBroker and communicates with it. openHAB running on openHABian - Install Node-RED using openhab-config from command line, choose it from "Optional Components". RedMatic - Install Node-RED on a CCU3, smart home automation hardware from the manufacturer eQ-3, popular especially in Germany. Documentation Getting Started FAQ Tutorials User Guide Nodes Analysis badwords - Analyses the payload and tries to filter out any messages containing bad swear words. This only operates on payloads of type string. Everything else is blocked. wordpos - Analyses the payload and classifies the part-of-speech of each word. The resulting message has msg.pos added with the results. A word may appear in multiple categories (eg, 'great' is both a noun and an adjective). Database influxdb - Save and query data from an InfluxDB time series database. mssql-plus - Execute queries, stored procedures and bulk inserts in Microsoft SQL Server and Azure Databases SQL2000 ~ SQL2019. stackhero-influxdb-v2 - Save and query data from an InfluxDB v2 time series database. stackhero-mysql - Connect to a MySQL or a MariaDB database, using TLS (SSL) and compatible with "Caching SHA2 password" authentication method (MySQL >= 8). leveldb - Uses LevelDB for a simple key value pair database. mysql - Allows basic access to a MySQL database. sqlite - Supports read and write to a local sqlite database. Development typescript-starter - Quick-start template repository for creating new node sets in TypeScript. Function datagenerater - Generate dummy data in various formats, names, addresses, emails, numbers, words, etc. pidcontrol - A PID control node for numeric inputs - provides simple controll loop feedback capability. random - Random number generator - can generate integers for x to y - or floats between x and y. rbe - Provide report by exception and deadband / bandgap capability for simple inputs. smooth - Provide various functions across several previous values, including max, min, mean, high and low pass filters. Hardware arduino - Uses firmata protocol to talk to the board. beaglebone - Nodes for the Beaglebone Black. blink1 - Blink1 USB LED from ThingM. blinkstick - BlinkStick USB LED device. digirgb - DigiSpark RGB USB LED. heatmiser - Temperature and frost protection for Heatmiser thermostats. intel-galileo - A collection for the Intel Galileo and Edison. ledborg - LEDborg plug on module. makeymakey - Read from a MakeyMakey input device. pi-gpiod - An alternative to the default PI GPIO nodes that allows remote access. pi-mcp3008 - Read from MCP300x series Analogue to Digital Converter chips via the SPI bus. pi-neopixel - Drive a strip of NeoPixels directly. pi-unicorn-hat - Controls a Pimorini Unicorn HAT 8x8 LED display. pibrella - Controls a Pibrella add-on board. piface - PiFace interface module. piliter - Controls a Pimorini Pi-LITEr 8 LED add-on board. sensortag - Reads data from the Ti Bluetooth Low Energy SensorTag device. wemo - Drive a WeMo socket and switch. scanBLE - Scans for a particular Bluetooth Low Energy device. I/O discovery - Discovers other Avahi/Bonjour services on the network. emoncms - Post to an Emoncms server. noble-bluetooth - Based on noble for interaction with Bluetooth Low Energy devices. mindconnect - Upload timeseries, files and events to MindSphere. modbus - All in one Modbus TCP and Serial package. mqlight - Adds nodes to send and receive using MQlight. ping - Pings a machine and returns the trip time in mS. s7 - Interact with Siemens S7 PLCs. serialport - Send messages to and receive messages from a physical serial port. snmp - SNMP receivers for single OIDs or OID tables. stomp - Publish and subscribe to and from a STOMP server. wol - Sends a Wake-On-LAN magic packet to the mac address specified. xiaomi-ble - Single "Xiaomi BLE" node that gets all known data from Xiaomi BLE (Bluetooth 4). Image processing image-output - Simple image output node. Useful for previewing images (of face detecting, object recognition etc.) inside the flow editor. image-tools - Editing images, building and decoding 2D and 3D barcodes. Parsers base64 - Converts a payload to/from base64 encoded format. buffer-parser - Converts values to and from buffer/array. Supports Big/Little Endian, BCD, byte swapping and much more. geohash - Converts a lat, lon payload to/from geohash format. msgpack - Converts a payload to/from msgpack binary packed format. what3words - Encodes or Decodes a lat, lon position into what3words text format. Smarthome alexa-home - Connect with Alexa just wihtin the local network - no extra cloud stuff is required. alexa-home-skill-v3 - Controls things via Alexa and Google Home. alexa-home-skill-v3-web - Web Service for Alexa and Google Home. alexa-home-skill-v3-lambda - Lambda function for node-red-alexa-home-skill-v3-web. alexa-remote2-applestrudel - Interacting with the Alexa API. Emulates routine behaviour, control and query your devices. avr-yamaha - Integrate and control YAMAHA™ audio/video receiver via YNCA protocol. ccu - Connect with Homematic, a series of smart home automation hardware from the manufacturer eQ-3, popular especially in Germany. deconz - Access Zigbee 3.0 (Z30), Zigbee Home Automation (ZHA) and Zigbee Light Link (ZLL) lights via deCONZ. fritz - Provides easy access to your AVM Fritz!Box. Read and write the configuration including the VoIP and Dect configuration. fritzapi - Controls smart home DECT devices and guest wifi through an AVM Fritz!Box. harmony - Controls devices connected to a Logitech™ Harmony Hub. home-assistant - Connect with Home Assistant. home-assistant-websocket - Various nodes using websockets to assist in setting up communication with Home Assistant. homebridge-automation - Integrate Homebridge Accessories into flows. homee - Access the homee api and create virtual devices for homee. homekit-bridged - Imitate HomeKit devices. hubitat - Connect with Hubitat. huemagic - Controls Philips Hue bridges, lights, groups, scenes, rules, taps, switches, buttons, motion sensors, temperature sensors and Lux sensors. lgtv - Controls LG webOS Smart TVs. loxone - Connect to the Loxone Miniserver. knx-ultimate - Controls KNX intallation. With optional ETS group address importer and gateway simulation. openhab3 - Integration of openHAB item states and commands. power-saver - Automatically save money on variable electricity prices. smartnora - Google smart home Action integration via Smart NORA. sonos-plus - Controls Sonos player in your local network. tado-client - Connect to the Tado Web API. tahoma - Controls a Somfy Tahoma box (Roller shutters, etc.). tasmota - Tasmota devices integration for building automation. tuya-smart - Interface with smart plugs, bulbs, etc. from tuya. zigbee - Controls Zigbee Devices via a CC253x Module. zigbee2mqtt - Zigbee2mqtt connectivity. zwave-js - Integrates Z-Wave node based on Z-Wave JS. Social chatbot - Full featured chat bot for Telegram, Facebook Messenger, Viber, Twilio and Slack. discord-advanced - Interact with Discord, via Discord.js. dweetio - Uses dweetio to send/receive messages. email - Sends and receives simple emails from services like gmail or smtp or imap servers. feedparser - Reads messages from an atom or rss feed. irc - Connect to an IRC server to send and receive messages. notify - Uses Growl to provide a desktop popup. Only useful on the local Apple machine. prowl - Uses Prowl to push to an Apple device that has the Prowl app installed. pushbullet - Uses PushBullet to push an Android device that has the app installed. pusher - Publish-Subscribe to a Pusher channel/event. pushover - Sends alerts via Pushover. PushStaq - Send real time alerts using Push Notifications from your Node-Red flows to any device with PushStaq. slack - Interact with the Slack API. sms77 - Uses sms77 service for SMS, text-to-speech calls and number lookups. telegrambot - Contains a receiver and a sender node which act as a Telegram Bot. twilio - Uses Twilio service to send/receive text messages. whin - Send and receive whatsapps from within a nodered flow. xmpp - Connect to an XMPP server to send and receive messages. open-wa (whatsapp) - Efficiently connect to remote instances of your open-wa whatsapp automate servers. System aedes - MQTT Broker based on Aedes. dockerode - Connect to Docker daemon. os - Obtain system information. Time blindcontroller - Automate the control of household roller blinds based on the current position of the sun. bigtimer - Timing node with support for dusk/sunset dawn/sunrise and variations also day/week/month (and special days) control. The node offers outputs suitable for MQTT, speech and databases. cron-plus - A flexible scheduler (cron, solar events, simple dates) node with full dynamic control and Timezone support. suncalc - Uses the suncalc module to generate an output at sunrise and sunset based on a specified location. simpletime - Adds time and date payloads with various formatting options, which can be retreived and used later in the flow. sun-position - Timer based flow control with dusk, dawn (and variations) and much more. Additional you can get sun and moon position or to control a flow by sun or moon position. timeswitch - Lets the user set simple repeating timers for example for simple heating control, etc. Utility actionflows - Brings easy to use loops and OOP (object oriented programming) features. alarm - Build your own home alarm system with any number of panels, zones, sensors, triggers and automations. bool-gate - Boolean logic gates. daemon - Starts up (calls) a long running system program and pipes STDIN, STDOUT and STDERR to and from that process. exif - Extracts GPS and other EXIF information from a passed in jpeg image. german-holidays - Getting german holidays or information if today/tomorrow is a holiday. ical-events - Get events from an ical-URL, a caldav-server or from iCloud via kalender-events. interval-length - Measure the (time) interval length between successive messages. moment - Produces a nicely formatted Date/Time string using the Moment.js library. owntracks - Converts Owntrack Messages into standard geo message and deals with encrypted locations. persist - Persist data over Node-RED restarts and deploys. self-healing - Making Node-RED more resilient by adding self-healing capabilities. state-machine - Wraps around the JavaScript State Machine to implement a finite state machine. string - Provides native and extended chainable JavaScript string parsing and manipulation methods. twc-weather - The Weather Company and Weather Underground Personal Weather Station APIs. users - Quickly build a very simple user access control for HTTP-based flows. watson - Interact with the IBM Watson services in IBM Cloud. UI browser-utils - Add browser functionality such as file upload, camera & microphone. node-red-dashboard - Create a live data dashboard. https://flows.nodered.org/collection - Dashboard extra nodes. ui-svg - Show interactive SVG (vector graphics) in the dashboard. ui-contextmenu - Show a popup contextmenu in the dashboard. flow-manager - Separates flow json to multiple files. iglass - Interaction with iGlass Automation blocks. uibuilder - Create dynamic web interfaces using any (or no) front end libraries for convenience. web-worldmap - Provide a world map web page for plotting "things" on. Community HomeAssistant Forum Node-RED Forum Node-RED Blog Node-RED User Group Japan Reddit Redmatic Forum Slack Stack Overflow Steves Node-RED Guide Twitter YouTube Contributing Contributions welcome! Read the contribution guidelines first. About A collection of interesting nodes and resources for Node-RED Topics community awesome node-red awesome-list hacktoberfest nodered node-red-contrib Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 483 stars Watchers 17 watching Forks 25 forks Report repository Sponsor this project ko-fi.com/naimo84 https://paypal.me/NeumannBenjamin Learn more about GitHub Sponsors Contributors 8 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.