GitHub - domenicosolazzo/awesome-okr: A curated list about OKR (Objective - Key Results) Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert domenicosolazzo / awesome-okr Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 191 Star 1.7k A curated list about OKR (Objective - Key Results) License CC0-1.0 license 1.7k stars 191 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 2 Pull requests 1 Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Wiki Security Insights domenicosolazzo/awesome-okr masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History143 Commitsexamplesexamples .gitignore.gitignore Basic.mdBasic.md CODE_OF_CONDUCT.mdCODE_OF_CONDUCT.md CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md Commitment-Square.mdCommitment-Square.md How_to_set_OKRs.mdHow_to_set_OKRs.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md Videos.mdVideos.md Weekly_Status_EmailWeekly_Status_Email Worksheet.mdWorksheet.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome OKR A curated list of resources about OKRs OKR are the best practice of setting and communicating company, team and employee objectives and measuring their progress based on achieved results. It is used in several companies like Google, Netflix, Zynga, LinkedIn, Twitter and it make it easier to align all the employees around the company mission and vision. Table of Contents Basics Slides Videos Books Articles Guides Research papers OKRs Templates OKR Examples Software Contributing Code of Conduct License Basics Basic of OKR: Basic concepts about OKRs. Worksheet OKR template: A worksheet for starting the planning of OKRs Use a weekly status email: How to set a weekly status email towards your OKRs. How to set OKRs: A quick list for how to set OKRs in your company. Monday's and Friday's: The commitment square: The commitment square used to analyze progresses and roadblocks againsts the OKRs. Fundamentals of OKR: Great article describing the fundamental of OKR with real examples from Uber and Youtube. Slides OKR: A guide: What are OKRs and what's in it for me? The Basics of OKR: Nice presentation presenting basic concepts of OKR. Organizing and engineering Team on Asana: How Asana uses Key Results in their engineering team Executioner's tale: The slides from the talk "Executioner's tale" by Christina Wodtke. How to implement OKRs to drive company performance: Learn how to implement the OKRs goal-setting process to drive company performance The 6 major benefits of OKR: A description of the major benefits when using OKRs in your company OKR - Objectives and Key Results: A great overview about OKRs by WeekDone Power your business with OKR: An overview about OKR and how to power your business by Wrike OKR - a guide to objectives and key results The Guide to Objectives and Key Results: A light-weight and informative overview of OKR by Benchify How to define good OKRs: Great slides describing how to set good OKRs From Intel to Google: How to achieve your targets with the methodology invented at Intel and used by Google Videos How google sets goals objectives and Key results: The most famous video on OKR by Rick Klau@Google The Executioner's Tale: The Executioner's tale by Christina Wodtke Warm Gun Talk: Another talk about OKR by Christina Wodtke Books Measure What Matters: A handbook for setting and achieving audacious goals by John Doerr. [Objectives and Key Results: Driving Focus, Alignment, and Engagement with OKRs] (https://www.wiley.com/en-gb/Objectives+and+Key+Results:+Driving+Focus,+Alignment,+and+Engagement+with+OKRs-p-9781119252399) : A thoroughly readable guide to implementing OKRs that is relevant to large, corporate environments as well as digital start-ups. Articles John Doerr on success using OKR: Keys to OKR Success: A Q&A with the Man Who Introduced OKRs to Google, John Doerr How Google Grew from 40 to 40,000 Employees: How OKR helped a company like Google to grow from 40 to 40,000 employees Implementation and challanges at Pusher: Implementation, challenges and results at Pusher How we make OKRs work at Pusher: A great article regarding alignment and trasparency of OKR and how it helped at Pusher How to Easily Set Quarterly Team Objectives with OKRs at Pusher: Another article by Pusher regarding how they set quarterly team objectives How we set goals at Upstart: How Upstart set OKRs and set goals for the entire company Manager OKRs, Maker OKRs: How I’d Change Google’s Goal Setting Process: How Sasha Lubomirsky envisions the future of OKRs Are You a C.E.O. of Something?: An interview with Mark Pincus and how OKR helped at Zynga How to set & achieve meaningful OKRs: This article describes how to set & achieve meaningful OKRs How to Make OKRs Actually Work at Your Startup: A story about how OKRs helped at Swipely OKR Mistakes: This is an important article that descrives the most common mistakes while writing OKRs and how to fix them. ORK Worksheet: A great worksheet for getting started with OKRs List of companies that use OKRs: A list of the top companies using OKRs How Google grades employees, and how you can use the same system at your company: How Google grades employees, and how you can use the same system at your company. What are OKRs?: Basics about what OKRs are. 15 great insights from the Google OKR video: Great insights from the most famous video about OKR Full Transcription of Google OKR Video – How Google Sets Goals Using OKRs: The full transcript from the most famous video about OKRs How to Use KPIs with OKRs: How to connect KPI and OKRs together. What Twitter’s CEO Learned from Google: An interview with Dick Costolo about OKRs at Twitter OKRs: The New Solution to Managing Your Freelancers: How to hire and align freelancers using OKRs Google Releases a New Guide to Setting Goals with OKRs: Great insights from the new Google's guide about OKRs The biggest pitfalls of OKRs and how to avoid them: Some common issues while adopting OKRs This Is The Internal Grading System Google Uses For Its Employees — And You Should Use It Too: Another article from Business Insider regarding OKR and great insights from the Kris Klau talk at Google We are starting to implement OKRs in our company for the first time. Do any of you have experience in terms of problems or issues encountered?: Interesting discussion in Quora about how people implement OKRs. What's a use case where a company uses both OKR and KPI?: How to connect OKRs and KPIs. How does the process of developing and prioritizing OKRs (objectives and key results) work at companies like Google and Zynga?: Some interesting answers about how companies like Google are prioritizing their OKRs. OKRs do not cascade [A journey through OKRs] (https://www.hotpmo.com/blog/a-journey-through-okr) : An introduction to OKRs and their application in portfolio project management. Being helpful isn’t the same as being clear: A useful note to understand the local culture when implementing OKR. Learnings from implementing OKRs: A great guide on implementing OKRs. Guides These are free ebooks and guides about OKRs. Set goals with OKRs by Google: Official guide about OKR by Google Definitive guide to OKRs (Ebook) by Atiim: Ebook describing how to set OKRs How to Set OKR Goals like Google: Top 10 Tips by Atiim: 10 tips about how to set OKRs like Google The Smart Way to Set OKR: Simple checklist about how to set OKRs Research These are interesting research papers connected to OKRs The Determinants of Goal Commitment: The concept and measurement of commitment to goals, a key aspect of goal-setting theory, are discussed. The strength of the relationship between commitment and performance is asserted to depend on the amount of variance in commitment. Goal Setting and Task Performance: 1969-1980: Goal setting is most likely to improve task performance when the goals are specific and sufficiently challenging, the subjects have sufficient ability (and ability differences are controlled), feedback is provided to show progress in relation to the goal, rewards such as money are given for goal attainment, the experimenter or manager is supportive, and assigned goals are accepted by the individual. Templates A list of word template for setting OKRs. OKR report document example by WeekDone: A word template for setting your OKRs. OKR report document template by WeekDone: An example of OKRs using the word template above. Startup OKRs Template: A word template describing how to set OKRs OKR Scorecard by Google: The OKR Scorecard from the re:Work site a Google. A list of excel templates for setting OKRs. OKR report word template by WeekDone: An excel template for setting your OKR. OKR report spreadsheet example by WeekDone: An example of OKRs using the excel template above. OKR Template for your startup: A public excel template for setting OKRs. OKR Scorecard by Google: An excel template for setting OKRs. It is the same that you can find in the re:Work site at Google Examples A list of examples about how to implement OKRs. Useful when you want to get start with OKRs. These are not real examples and I am not related with the companies below. Uber: A case study of OKRs for Uber. Youtube: A case study of OKRs for Youtube. Sample Company: An example of OKRs for an imaginary company. Photo Editing App: A case study of OKRs for an a fake company creating a photo editing mobile app and using OKRs to reach their goals. OKR Goals Examples: A comprehensive list of OKR goal examples for all kind of teams and levels. 25+ Site Reliability Engineering OKR examples: A comprehensive list of OKRs for Site Reliability Engineering Teams. GitLab: Objectives and Key Results (OKRs): A comprehensive guide and real OKRs at GitLab. Measure What Matters: Examples & Resources: A list of OKR examples. Software List of software for managing your OKRs. This list was made using this Product Hunt collection: PH Colletion BetterWorks Weekdone Gtmhub 7Geese StatusPath Kapta Koan SmartProgress Strides Workboard 15five Zugata Taskade ZOKRI Ally.io Open Source Projects BurningOkr okr2go Contributing Read this if you want to contribute to this list. Code of conduct Read this regarding the code of conduct. License To the extent possible under law, Domenico Solazzo has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. About A curated list about OKR (Objective - Key Results) Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 1.7k stars Watchers 71 watching Forks 191 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 17 + 3 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.