GitHub - idematos/awesome-permacomputing: A curation of resources, projects, and communities related to permacomputing. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert idematos / awesome-permacomputing Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 4 Star 97 A curation of resources, projects, and communities related to permacomputing. License CC0-1.0 license 97 stars 4 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 0 Discussions Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Discussions Actions Projects Security Insights idematos/awesome-permacomputing mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History341 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows mediamedia LICENSELICENSE contributing.mdcontributing.md readme.mdreadme.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Permacomputing A curation of resources, projects, and communities related to permacomputing. Permacomputing is both a concept and a community of practice oriented around issues of resilience and regenerativity in computer and network technology inspired by permaculture. Contents Resources Websites Articles Books Visual Audiovisual Projects Software Hardware Experimental Communities Collectives Forums Resources Websites Permacomputing - A wiki for permacomputing. Low-tech Magazine - Articles about solving human problems with low-tech solutions. Monoskop - A wiki for arts and studies. Damaged Earth Catalog - A growing online catalog of the different terms in circulation. XXIIVV - Ideas and notes on technology, art, language, and philosophy. The Luddite - A skeptical look at technology and its impact on society. Frugal Computing - Ideas and notes on frugal computing. Modding Fridays - A wiki about maintenance, repurposing, and reappropriation of supposedly obsolete electronics. No tech Magazine - Low-tech Magazine's sister blog, it emphasizes simple technologies over high-tech, resource-intensive ones. Simplifier - Practical, low-tech guides and resources to simplify daily life. Death to Bullshit - Critiques the clutter and misleading tactics common in digital experiences. Do the Math - Explores the physical limits of growth in energy consumption and technological progress. Branch Magazine - Articles about climate justice and internet sustainability. Pluralistic - Explores technology, digital rights, and societal issues. Articles Permacomputing - Ville-Matias Heikkilä, 2020. A holistic approach to computing and sustainability inspired from permaculture - Devine Lu Linvega, 2021. Permacomputing Aesthetics: Potential and Limits of Constraints in Computational Art, Design and Culture - Aymeric Mansoux, Brendan Howell, Dušan Barok, and Ville-Matias Heikkilä, 2023. Permacomputing and the Dance of Repair Amid the Vestiges of Digital Obsolescence - Nancy Mauro-Flude, 2023. The Oceanic provenance of Permacomputing and Computational poetics - Nancy Mauro-Flude, 2024. The Beauty of Finished Software - Jose M. Gilgado, 2023. What might degrowth computing look like? - Neil Selwyn, 2022. Low Fat Computing - Jeff Fox, 1998. What can a technologist do about climate change? - Bret Victor, 2015. The Staggering Ecological Impacts of Computation and the Cloud - Steven Gonzalez Monserrate, 2022. It's Not Easy Being Green: On the Energy Efficiency of Programming Languages - Nicolas van Kempen, Hyuk-Je Kwon, Dung Tuan Nguyen, and Emery D. Berger, 2024. The biggest lie tech people tell themselves — and the rest of us - Rose Eveleth, 2019. Hype, Sustainability, and the Price of the Bigger-is-Better Paradigm in AI - Gaël Varoquaux, Alexandra Sasha Luccioni, and Meredith Whittaker, 2024. Redefining our needs: permacomputing and vernacular computing - Robert Engels, 2022. Books Fiction The Dispossessed - Ursula K. Le Guin, 1974. The Fifth Sacred Thing - Starhawk, 1993. Non-fiction The Art of Unix Programming - Eric S. Raymond, 2003. The Limits to Growth - Donella H. Meadows, Dennis L. Meadows, Jørgen Randers, and William W. Behrens III, 1972. Visual Comics Dependency - Xkcd, 2020. Energy Slaves - Stuart McMillen, 2017. The Solar Grid - Ganzeer, 2016. Audiovisual Fiction Neptune Frost - Anisia Uzeyman and Saul Williams, 2021. Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind - Hayao Miyazaki, 1984. Documentaries Death by Design - Sue Williams, 2016. The Social Dilemma - Jeff Orlowski-Yang, 2020. Surviving Progress - Mathieu Roy and Harold Crooks, 2011. Low-Tech - Adrien Bellay, 2023. Talks An Approach to Computing and Sustainability Inspired from Permaculture - Devine Lu Linvega, 2023. From appropriate technology to permacomputing: a glossary of counternarratives and practices - Marloes de Valk, 2022. Preventing the Collapse of Civilization - Jonathan Blow, 2019. Projects Software Operating Systems Collapse OS - Forth-based operating system designed for post-collapse scenarios. Tiny Core Linux - Small, highly modular system with community build extensions. Alpine Linux - Secure, lightweight Linux distribution. Plan 9 - Compact and uniform operating system built as a successor to Unix. Code Editors Vim - Highly efficient, customisable, and lightweight text editor. Micro - Lightweight, intuitive terminal-based text editor. Geany - Small, lightweight IDE suitable for basic coding needs. Nano - A lightweight, terminal-based text editor for Unix-like systems. Left - Graphical text editor for the Uxn virtual machine. 18kb. Tools Suckless - A collection of ultra-minimalist tools focused on simplicity, clarity and frugality. TLP - Linux power management tool to extend battery life. Hugo - Open-source static website generator. twtxt - A decentralised, minimalist microblogging platform built on a text-based protocol. sqlite - Small, reliable SQL database engine. Argos Translate - An open-source translation tool that runs offline. NoScript - An open-source browser extension that allows JavaScript to be executed only on trusted websites of your choice. CO2.js - A JavaScript library for estimating the carbon emissions associated with software. Tauri - A framework for building lightweight, native desktop applications with web technologies. XFE - A simple and efficient file manager. Festival - A lightweight music player designed for local album collections. FOX - A portable C++ based toolkit for building GUIs. Zola - A fast static site generator in a single binary. Uxn - A portability layer for graphical applications. Protocols Gemini - Minimalist, text-based internet protocol. Tor - A privacy-focused, decentralised network protocol. Dat Ecosystem - A peer-to-peer protocol and tools for decentralised data sharing. IPFS - Peer-to-peer file storage and sharing protocol. Meshtastic - Open-source mesh networking protocol designed for off-grid communication. Browsers Dillo - A multi-platform graphical web browser, focused on speed and minimal resource usage. w3m - Text-based web browser for low-resource environments. Lagrange - A minimal, open-source browser designed for browsing Geminispace. Search Engines DuckDuckGo Lite - A minimal version of the DuckDuckGo search engine. Mojeek - Independent, privacy-focused search engine. Social Scuttlebutt - A decentralised, low-bandwidth social network that works offline and is powered by a peer-to-peer gossip protocol. Lemmy - A federated, open-source social platform for creating and joining communities. Piped - An open-source alternative frontend for YouTube which is efficient by design. Mastodon - A decentralised, open-source microblogging community. Hardware Devices OLinuXino - Single-board computers based on open-source hardware. Framework - Customisable, repairable laptops. Fairphone - Repairable smartphones made with responsibly sourced materials. pine64 - Devices based on open-source hardware. Green Arrays - Low power computation platforms. RC2014 - A simple 8 bit Z80 based modular computer. Repairing iFixit - Step-by-step guides for repairing various devices. Repair Café - Free meeting places for repairing things together. The Restart Project - Repair education, repair events, and advocacy for the right to repair. Repurposing Unbinare - An e-waste reverse engineering lab. Experimental Solar Protocol - Decentralised, solar-powered internet infrastructure. Permacomputing as a practice - Integrates permacomputing principles into graphic design processes. Reclaimed Systems - Conducts research on ethical and sustainable technology, particularly in AI's societal and ecological impacts. Designlife-cycle.com - Explores the life cycle, materials, energy use, and sustainability challenges of everyday design products. Communities Collectives Computing Computing within Limits - An annual workshop concerning the role of computing in human societies affected by real-world limits. Freifunk - Decentralised, non-profit wireless community network in Germany. Right to Repair - Advocates for products to be designed for repairability and for universal access to the necessary spare parts, tools, and repair manuals. Green Software Foundation - An ecosystem of people, standards, tooling and best practices for building green software. ClimateAction.tech - A slack-based tech community to meet, discuss, and learn about climate action. Electronics < > Ecologies - A workshop series providing strategic research outcomes and specialised training in sustainable electronics design and hardware studies. LURK - Hosts discussions on decentralised, sustainable computing and new digital environments. Sustainable Web Manifesto - Advocates for sustainable design principles in the web industry. The Green Web Foundation - An independent non-profit that tracks how much of the internet is powered by green energy. Varia - Rotterdam-based community focusing on collective approaches to sustainable technology. Art Small File Media Festival - A film festival in Canada, focused on short films with file sizes less than five megabytes. Demoscene - Old-school programming artistry using limited system resources to produce stunning visuals and sounds. Pixel Joint - Community for artists making low-resolution, low-power pixel art. LOWREZJAM - A game jam where participants create games with a maximum resolution of 64x64 pixels. Data Garden - A series of bio-reactive installations that transform natural phenomena into music-generating data. Fiber Space - Events and workshops exploring permacomputing in creative and digital arts. Small File Photo Festival - A mini festival encouraging and celebrating small size photography. Tiny Code Christmas - A yearly jam on low-level graphics programming. Watt-Wise Game Jam - A challenge to build low-energy games. digicam.love - Promotes photography taken with old digital cameras. Forums Permacomputing on the SLRPNK Lemmy instance Permacomputing on the SDF Chatter Lemmy instance Permacomputing on the Disroot XMPP chat server Lobsters About A curation of resources, projects, and communities related to permacomputing. Topics awesome sustainability awesome-list degrowth energy-efficiency green-computing low-tech permacomputing Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 97 stars Watchers 5 watching Forks 4 forks Report repository Contributors 3 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.