GitHub - ttt30ga/awesome-product-design: A collection of bookmarks, resources, articles for product designers. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert ttt30ga / awesome-product-design Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 153 Star 2.4k A collection of bookmarks, resources, articles for product designers. License CC0-1.0 license 2.4k stars 153 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 2 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights ttt30ga/awesome-product-design masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History86 Commitsimagesimages README.mdREADME.md contributing.mdcontributing.md licenselicense View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 license Awesome Product Design A collection of bookmarks, resources, articles for product designers. Digital product design is an iterative design process to solve a functional problem with a formal solution. A digital product designer identifies a real problem, offers the best possible solution, and launch it to a market that is showing demand for that particular solution. Feel free to add something interesting by pull request. Contents Research UX UI Visual Prototype Accessibility Writing Data IoT Research Methods Decision Making Untools - Thinking tools and frameworks to help you solve problems, make decisions and understand systems. Research Plan Smashing Magazine - The UX Research Plan That Stakeholders Love. NN Group - Project Management for User Research: The Plan. Interaction Design - One Page User Research Plan. Branding5 - Make a brand positioning as a basis for your designs. User Interview NN Group - Despite many weaknesses, interviews are a valuable method for exploratory user research. UXDesign.cc - How to Get the Most Out of User Interviews. Stakeholder Interviews Boxes and Arrows - Cheat Sheet For Interviewing Stakeholders. UX Apprentice - Stakeholder Interview Template. Interaction Design - Preparing for UX Stakeholder Interviews. Research Synthesis UX Movement - How to Turn User Research into Usable Data. SlideShare - Design Research Synthesis. Medium - Using Trello for User Research Synthesis. Tuts+ - How to Prepare and Use an Affinity Diagram. Medium - Affinity Diagrams: Tips and Tricks. Competitive Analysis Xtensio - How To: Create A Competitive Analysis. Hootsuite - Competitive Analysis Template To Help You Outsmart The Competition. Job to be Done Intercom - Designing features using Job Stories. JTBD - Replacing The User Story With The Job Story. Personas Usability.Gov - The purpose of personas is to create reliable and realistic representations of your key audience. UX Mag - Personas: The Foundation of a Great User Experience. Tuts+ - Defining And Applying Personas to UX Design. Empathy Map UX Pin - The Practical Guide to Empathy Maps: 10-Minute User Personas. Boagworld - Adapting empathy maps for UX design. Storyboard UX Magazine - Storyboarding in the Software Design Process. Medium - Storyboarding in UX Design. NN Group - When and How to Create Customer Journey Maps. UX Lady - Experience maps, user journeys and more. Smashing Magazine - All You Need To Know About Customer Journey Mapping. Medium - How to build an experience map. Articles Smashing Magazine - The Rainbow Spreadsheet: A Collaborative Lean UX Research Tool. Coglode - Bite-size behavioral research analysis. Testing User Testing - Unlock customer insights and increase your revenue. Optimal Workshop - User Research Platform that helps you and your team make design decisions with confidence. Measure Success - How Do You Measure the Success (or Failure) - of Your UX Design?. Lookback - Simple, powerful user research. Full Story - What do you want to know about your customer experience?. Desinion - Make smart and informed design decisions for your company, or your client's company. Survey Monkey - Turn instincts into insights. Etnio - Intercept Real People for User Research. UX Guidelines The UX Bookmark - Collection of the best UX websites from across the globe. Gov.Uk - Helping government teams create and run great digital services. Methods 18F - Collection of tools to bring human-centered design into your project. Guides 18F - 18F Guides is the repository for best practices across our teams. Usability.Gov - Improving the User Experience. Medial Lab Amsterdam - Design method toolkit. Design Kit IDEO - Step-by-step guide to unleashing your creativity. Gamestorming - Gamestorming is a set of co-creation tools used by innovators around the world. Articles UX Magazine - UX Magazine is a free community resource exploring all facets of experience design. UX Booth - The UX Booth is a publication by and for the user experience community. UX Mastery - We help user experience professionals get started and get better. UX Myths - Build your product based on evidence, not false beliefs. A List Apart - List Apart explores the design, development, and meaning of web content. 52 Weeks of UX - Discourse on the process of designing for real people. UX Pin - Guides, articles and ebooks that explore all facets of UX Design. The IxD Library - Collection of materials related to Interaction Design. LukeW - Publications on the critical details and big picture behind digital product design. NN Group - Evidence-Based User Experience Research, Training, and Consulting. Information Design - InfoDesign Hand-picked since 1997. Intercom - Design, Customer Success, & Startup Blog. UXDesign.cc - User Experience, Usability, Product Design. Follow the UXDesign.cc. UX Reactions - Fun stuff. Tools UX Recipe - This project is a personal manifesto against the objectification of the term "UX". UX Checklist - UX Project Checklist. UX Stackexchange - UX Stack Exchange is a question and answer site. UI Guidelines Ant Design - An UI design language for enterprise applications. iOS Guidelines - Get in-depth information and UI resources for designing great apps that integrate seamlessly with Apple platforms. Google Material - Material Design is a unified system that combines theory, resources, and tools for crafting digital experiences. Google Design - Google Design is a cooperative effort led by a group of designers, writers, and developers at Google. Facebook Design - Collection of articles, videos, and resources made by designers at Facebook. UsTwo - Pixel Perfect Precision Handbook 3. Vinsol - Tips for Designers: from a Developer. Inspiration Pttrns - The mother of all design resources. Call To Idea - Light up your imagination!. Android Niceties - Aiming to provide inspiration and insight into Android UI conventions. Lovely UI - Collection of mobile UI elements. Brian Lovin - Visual exploration of the best products. Inspired UI - iOS Mobile Apps Design Patterns. Sloppy UI - It's all about intellectual honesty, not trolling. Tools Pattern Lab - Create atomic design systems with Pattern Lab. Huge - Tool to make creating and maintaining styleguides easy. Figma Bootstrap 5 UI Kit - UI Kit comprising 300+ organized Bootstrap 5 components built with atomic design system & auto layout. Sketch Bootstrap 5 UI Kit - UI Kit comprising 300+ organized Bootstrap 5 components built with atomic design system & smart layout. Visual Resources Design Principles FTW - The biggest collection of Design Principles on the Internet. Awesome Design Systems - Curated list of design systems, patterns libraries, and everything in between. Awesome Sketch - Curated list of awesome Sketch videos, articles, plugins, whatever, for designers, developers, or neither. Icons Use Iconic - Meet Iconic. The definitive icon set designed for the modern web. Icon Finder - Search through 1,739,045 icons or browse 42,226 icon sets. We Love Icon Font - This is a free & open source icon fonts hosting service. The Noun Project - Icons for everything. Iconmonstr - Discover 3847+ free simple icons in 263 collections. Font Foundries Open Foundry - New platform for open-source fonts in a noise-free environment. Use & Modify - Provide a contemporary set of fonts distributed under libre or open source licences, hand picked by a typography and free culture lover. Font Fabric - Fontfabric is an independent type foundry. Font Squirrel - Free Font Utopia. Play Type - Browse through our selection of more than a hundred fonts and nearly 500 different font weights. Identyfont - Identify a font by answering questions about key features. Typography NN Group - Typography Terms Cheat Sheet. Colors Coolors - The super fast color schemes generator!. Colour Lovers - Creative community. Color Hunt - Color Hunt is a social platform for everyone who love colors. Brand Colors - 1100+ color collection available in sass, less, stylus and css. Atmos - Everything you need to create color palettes Branition Colors - Hand-curated collection of color palettes best fitted for branding. Stock Images Unsplash - Free (do whatever you want) - high-resolution photos. StockSnap - Hundreds of high resolution images added weekly. Pixbay - Free images and videos you can use anywhere. Jay Mantry - Free pics (CC0). Get Refe - Royalty-free, high-quality, Real Life photos. ISO Republic - ISO Republic provides free stock photos for creative professionals. All The Free Stock - Get all the Free Stock Images, Videos, Music and Icons in one location. Pexels - Free stock images in a range of styles including filtered, natural, and commercial. unDraw - Open-source illustrations for every project you can imagine and create. Stock Videos Vimeo - Royalty Free Stock Video for Free Personal, Corporate or Commercial Use. Tools Polarr - Photo Editor. Licecap - Simple animated screen captures. Hand Brake - HandBrake is a tool for converting video from nearly any format to a selection of modern, widely supported codecs. Prototype Articles The 12 Principles - The 12 basic principles of animation were developed by the ‘old men’ of Walt Disney Studios. Hoverstat - The home of alternative digital design. Microinteractions - Designing with Details. Motion UI Design - Resources for inspiration, lists of software, libraries and other stuff related to Motion UI design, animations and transitions. Softwares Pop - POP helps you transform your pen and paper ideas into an interactive iPhone or Android prototype. Invision - The world's leading prototyping, collaboration & workflow platform. Marvel - Simple design, prototyping and collaboration. Flinto - Flinto lets designers quickly make interactive prototypes of their mobile, desktop, or web apps. Origami Studio - Explore, iterate, and test your ideas. Framer - All-in-one design workflow. Proto - Create fully-interactive high-fidelity prototypes that look and work exactly like your app should. No coding required. ProtoPie - ProtoPie is the easiest prototyping tool to build advanced, highly interactive prototypes. Tools Lottie - Easily add high-quality animation to any native app. Keynotopia - Keynotopia transforms Keynote and PowerPoint into the best rapid prototyping tools for creating mobile, web and desktop UI mockups. Accessibility Articles Gov.Uk - Making your service accessible: an introduction. Smashing Magazine - Color Contrast And Why You Should Rethink It. Medium - Accessibility for designers. Mind your RGBs. Web Credible - Visual design and color accessibility. A List Apart - Easy Color Contrast Testing. Tools WAVE - Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool. Contrast Ratio - A tool to calculate the contrast ratio between any two valid CSS colors. Snook - Colour Contrast Check. Writing Google trends - Stories trending now. Google Ngram - Enter phrases into the Google Books Ngram Viewer, it displays a graph showing how those phrases have occurred in a corpus of books. Hemingway - Hemingway App makes your writing bold and clear. Readable - You have 7 seconds to grab someone's attention. Readable.io helps you cut out the noise. The Writer - How readable is your writing?. Taskade - Collaborative editor and outliner. Data London Datastore - The London Datastore is a free and open data-sharing portal. YouGov - We believe in the power of participation. Data.Gov - Find data published by government departments and agencies, public bodies and local authorities. The Tate Collection - Here we present the metadata for around 70,000 artworks. NASA - We're Setting Data, Code and APIs free. IoT Articles IoT Weekly News - Subscribe to hand picked articles by Justin Grammens on the Internet of Things. IoT Agenda - Design an IoT user experience, not an IoT product. IoT For All - Designing the Internet of Things – 5 Key Principles. Tools Node RED - Low-based programming for the Internet of Things. About A collection of bookmarks, resources, articles for product designers. Topics iot font design product-design list awesome ui tools article ux bookmark stock awesome-list design-resource Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 2.4k stars Watchers 48 watching Forks 153 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 14 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.