GitHub - dend/awesome-product-management: 🚀 A curated list of awesome resources for product/program managers to learn and grow. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert dend / awesome-product-management Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 135 Star 1.5k 🚀 A curated list of awesome resources for product/program managers to learn and grow. License CC0-1.0 license 1.5k stars 135 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 22 Pull requests 0 Actions Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Security Insights dend/awesome-product-management masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History1 Commit.github/workflows.github/workflows compilationcompilation mediamedia .gitignore.gitignore .lycheeignore.lycheeignore CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Product Management A curated list of awesome resources for product/program managers to learn and grow. Who's a product manager? By definition, a product manager is an individual who drives the product vision and has a deep understanding of customer needs. PMs generally are considered to be at the intersection of the business, technology and and design spaces - they are the experts in the problem space, and are able to learn and iterate quickly to deliver valuable experiences to consumers. Contents Tools OneNote Bear Trello Taiga To-Do Notion Balsamiq Sketch Figma Taskade Notejoy productboard logchimp Hellonext Screeb Obsidian Articles Books Podcasts Communities Conferences Additional resources License Tools In day-to-day activities, product managers need to rely on tools to help them make sense of the information and insights they're handling. The list below represents some of those tools. A product manager doesn't need to use every single one of them, and neither is one better than the other. These are just pointers to some of the instruments that can be used to be effective at organizing and sharing PM expertise. None of them, standalone, will make one a better product manager. OneNote Efficient note-taking with superior organizational capabilities. Integrates easily with team-based workflows, where notes from the same notebook can be shared with many individuals. Property Value Developer Microsoft Cost Free Platform macOS, Windows, iOS, Android, web URL https://onenote.com Bear Note-taking in Markdown format, with tag-based organizational capabilities. Property Value Developer Shiny Frog Cost Freemium ($16/yr subscription available) Platform macOS, iOS URL https://bear.app/ Trello Kanban-style boards to manage work items. Integrates well with teams and other services. Has a rich extensibility platform. Property Value Developer Atlassian Cost Freemium ($9.99/mo+ subscriptions available) Platform macOS, Windows, iOS, Android, web URL https://trello.com/ Taiga Taiga is a project management tool for multi-functional agile teams. It has a rich feature set and at the same time it is very simple to start with through its intuitive user interface. Property Value Developer Kaleidos Cost Free (self-hosted) or Freemium Platform macOS, Windows, iOS, Android, Web URL https://taiga.io To-Do A tool to quickly manage "to-dos". Property Value Developer Microsoft Cost Free Platform macOS, Windows, iOS, Android, web URL https://to-do.microsoft.com/ Notion All-in-one workspace for teams and individuals. Property Value Developer Notion Labs Cost Freemium ($4/mo/user individual, $8/mo/user teams) Platform macOS, Windows, iOS, Android, web URL https://notion.so/ Balsamiq Wireframing tool that allows building mocks without a strong focus on details. Extremely useful for situations where you don't want others to over-index on pixels and instead focus on the content. Property Value Developer Balsamiq Studios, LLC Cost Paid ($89/person - permanent license) Platform macOS, Windows, web URL https://balsamiq.com/ Sketch Mocking and prototyping made efficient. Offers many downloadable components that can help one create high-fidelity designs for websites, apps and other experiences. Property Value Developer Bohemian B.V. Cost Paid ($99/year) Platform macOS URL https://www.sketchapp.com/ Figma A better way to design. Design, prototype, and collaborate all in the browser—with Figma. Property Value Developer Figma Cost Freemium ($0-45/month) Platform macOS, Windows, web URL https://www.figma.com Taskade Get work done with collaborative task lists, notes and video chat. Taskade is beautifully designed for remote teams. Property Value Developer Taskade Inc. Cost Freemium ($0-10/month) Platform macOS, Windows, iOS, Android, Chrome Extension, Firefox Addon, Web URL https://www.taskade.com Notejoy A collaborative note-taking application that is simple, intuitive and allows you to focus on the notes rather than the process around those. Property Value Developer Sachin Rekhi, Ada Chen Rekhi Cost Freemium ($0-12/month) Platform macOS, Windows, iOS, Android, web URL https://notejoy.com productboard productboard is the product management system that helps you understand what users need, prioritize what to build, and rally everyone around your roadmap. Property Value Developer productboard Cost Paid (starts at $49/month) Platform Web URL https://productboard.com logchimp LogChimp allows you to track your customers feedback to build better products. Property Value Developer LogChimp Cost Free (Open source) Platform Web URL https://logchimp.codecarrot.net Hellonext Hellonext helps you close the user feedback loop. Comes with feedback portal, roadmap, and changelog. Property Value Developer Hellonext, Inc. Cost Freemium ($0-99/month) Platform Web URL https://hellonext.co Screeb Screeb is a product-led user research platform helping product teams to build better products by helping understand their users. Property Value Developer Screeb, Inc. Cost Freemium (start $0-39/month) Platform Web URL https://screeb.app Obsidian Obsidian is a private and flexible writing app that adapts to the way you think. From personal notes to journaling, knowledge bases, and project management, Obsidian gives you the tools to come up with ideas and organize them. Turn your notes into an online wiki, knowledge base, documentation, or digital garden. Property Value Developer Obsidian, Inc. Cost Paid if used commercially ($50/user/year) Platform iOS, Android, Windows, Mac, Linux URL https://obsidian.md/ Articles There are a lot of folks that write great content that can help those wanting to excel and grow in the product management field to gain new perspectives. Treat the list below as an amalgamation of opinions, experiences, and patterns rather than as a definitive "list of things to always do." How to Deliver More Software Projects on Time - By Mark Suster. Shipping is a Feature: Some Guiding Principles for People That Build Things - By Michael Copeland. Painless Functional Specifications – Part 1: Why Bother? - By Joel Spolsky. Painless Functional Specifications – Part 2: What’s a Spec? - By Joel Spolsky. Painless Functional Specifications – Part 3: But… How? - By Joel Spolsky. Painless Functional Specifications – Part 4: Tips - By Joel Spolsky. How Am I Going To Move My Product Forward Today? - By Sachin Rekhi. How to Listen to Customers - By Ken Norton. Quality is not a tradeoff - By Julie Zhuo. The work is never just “the work” - By Dave Stewart. You Won't Regret Positive Feedback - By Zach Holman. A Minimum Viable Product Is Not a Product, It's a Process - By Yevgeniy Brikman. Being Glue - By Tanya Reilly. How to build great products - By Slava Akhmechet. If your product is Great, it doesn't need to be Good - By Paul Bucheit. Finding and Fostering Great Product Sense - By Stay SaaSy. Want To Build An Incredible Product? Strive For The Delta Of “Wow” - By Wayne Chang. The Quintessential Guide For Building An Unforgettable First-time User Experience - By Wayne Chang. One door at a time - By Jason Fried. Guide to building a product roadmap - By Hellonext, Inc. PM at Microsoft - By Steven Sinofsky. Hiring Your First Product Manager - By Steven Sinofsky. 12 Things about Product-Market Fit - By Tren Griffin. Relentlessly Resourceful - By Paul Graham. How to Be an Expert in a Changing World - By Paul Graham. Maker's Schedule, Manager's Schedule - By Paul Graham. Do Things that Don't Scale - By Paul Graham. The Time Value of Shipping - By Brandon Chu. Deadlines - By Brandon Chu. Ruthless Prioritization - By Brandon Chu. The Black Box of Product Management - By Brandon Chu. Product Management Mental Models for Everyone - By Brandon Chu. Understanding How The Innovator's Dilemma Affects You - By Mark Suster. Navigating Mid-Success - By Sam Altman. How to focus on what's important, not just what's urgent - By Alice Boyes. Speed as a habit - By Dave Girouard. A Comprehensive Guide To Product Design - By Nick Babich. Coaching Tools – The Plan - By Marty Cagan. The dark side of expertise - By Jake Edge. Remote teams - By Notion Team. On narratives - By Charlie Kindel. Virtuous Cycles, Platforms, Flywheels, Snowballs, and Tidal Waves - By Charlie Kindel. Is your company product-led, sales-led, or marketing-led? - By Philipp Cannons. So You Wanted to be a Product Manager - By Scott C. Reynolds. The Art of Persuasion Hasn't Changed in 2,000 Years - By Carmine Gallo. Mastering Effective Communication as a Product Manager - By Sachin Rekhi. The Top 10 Deliverables of Product Managers - By Sachin Rekhi. Great Product Managers are “Outcome Thinkers” - By Max Bennett. How to Work with Designers - By Julie Zhuo. Breaking into Product Management — Should you even consider it? - By Shubhi Saxena. Do you really understand the concept of product value? - by Hubert Palan. How to Calculate Customer Lifetime Value - By Clint Fontanella. Getting to the Product Manager interview stage - By Glenn Gillen. Is It Possible to Work Remotely as a Product Manager? - By Roy Cobby. Why Product Operations is the Next Iteration in Product Management - By Christine Itwaru. It's Time to Fight for a Dual Product Management Career Path - By Ken Norton. How to Work With Software Engineers - By Ken Norton. The Tools Don't Matter - By Ken Norton. Don't Give Your Users Shit Work - By Zach Holman. Mud Rooms, Red Letters, and Real Priorities - By Merlin Mann. My product is my garden - By Herman Martinus. The Product-Minded Software Engineer - By Gergely Orosz. How We Got Our First 2,000 Users Doing Things That Don’t Scale - By Ryan Hoover. How To Get Media Coverage for Your Brand - By Michael Keenan. Great PM Interview Answers Include Tradeoffs. Here's How. - By Sushanth Raman. Professional Development as a Product Manager - By Clement Kao Clement Kao. Inside the 6 Hypotheses that Doubled Patreon’s Activation Success - By Brian Balfour. Product Management Job Hunt: How to get an Interview and Nail it - By Kostas Sirvydis. User Onboarding Examples: Analyzing 6 Real-Life Onboarding Flows - By Shanelle Mullin. How to Use the Google HEART Framework to Measure and Improve Your App’s UX - By Emily Bonnie. 10-30-50 Product Management - By Stephen Cognetta. Analytics should be an Assembly Line - By Taylor A. Murphy. Is or Is Not The Opposite Stupid on its Face? - By Roger Martin. Guy Kawasaki, proto-evangelist - By Dave Winer. The Art of Evangelism - By Guy Kawasaki. Books Switch: How to Change Things When Change Is Hard - By Chip Heath and Dan Heath. Made to Stick: Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die - By Chip Heath and Dan Heath. The Startup Owner's Manual: The Step-By-Step Guide for Building a Great Company - By Steve Blank and Bob Dorf. Business Model Generation: A Handbook for Visionaries, Game Changers, and Challengers - By Alexander Osterwalder and Yves Pigneur. Value Proposition Design: How to Create Products and Services Customers Want (Strategyzer) - By Alexander Osterwalder and Yves Pigneur. The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses - By Eric Ries. The Four Steps to the Epiphany - By Steve Blank. The Innovator's Dilemma: When New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail (Management of Innovation and Change) - By Clayton M. Christensen. Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products - By Nir Eyal. The Lean Product Playbook: How to Innovate with Minimum Viable Products and Rapid Customer Feedback - By Dan Olsen. Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration - By Ed Catmull and Amy Wallace. Measure What Matters: How Google, Bono, and the Gates Foundation Rock the World with OKRs - By John Doerr. The Design of Everyday Things: Revised and Expanded Edition - By Don Norman. Radical Candor: Be a Kick-Ass Boss Without Losing Your Humanity - By Kim Scott. Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days - By Jake Knapp, John Zeratsky, Braden Kowitz. Creative Selection - By Ken Kocienda. Inspired: How to Create Tech Products Customers Love - By Marty Cagan. The Customer-Driven Playbook - By Jessica Rich and Travis Lowdermilk. Escaping The Build Trap - By Melissa Perri. The Manager's Path - By Camille Fournier. Intercom on Product Management An Elegant Puzzle - By Will Larson. The Art of Doing Science and Engineering: Learning to Learn - By Richard W. Hamming. Shape Up - By Ryan Singer. Outcomes over Output: Why Customer Behavior Is the Key Metric for Business Success - By Joshua Seiden. Difficult Conversations - By Douglas Stone. Good Strategy, Bad Strategy - By Richard Rumelt. Crossing The Chasm - By Geoffrey A. Moore. EMPOWERED: Ordinary People, Extraordinary Products - By Marty Cagan, Chris Jones. The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business - By Charles Duhigg. Staff Engineer - By Will Larson. Podcasts Podcast Hosts URL Description Den Delimarsky https://theworkitem.com Every week, Den Delimarsky sits down with folks from a range of industries, roles, and backgrounds to learn more about their career journey, lessons learned, and what it takes to map out your own very unique track. Reid Hoffman https://mastersofscale.com/ How do companies grow from zero to a gazillion? Legendary Silicon Valley investor / entrepreneur Reid Hoffman tests his theories with famous founders. Guests include Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg & Sheryl Sandberg, Netflix's Reed Hastings, Google's Eric Schmidt, Spanx's Sara Blakely. With original music and hilariously honest stories, the show sounds like nothing you've ever heard. Multiple https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-product-podcast/id1219400787 This is your Product Management podcast featuring PMs from Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Spotify, Twitter and other tech companies/ startups. Tune in if you're a manager, designer, engineer, entrepreneur or marketer who wants to learn the latest best practices. Multiple https://www.gimletmedia.com/startup The business origin story you never get to hear. Guy Raz https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510313/how-i-built-this Guy Raz dives into the stories behind some of the world's best known companies. How I Built This weaves a narrative journey about innovators, entrepreneurs and idealists—and the movements they built. Multiple https://www.gimletmedia.com/the-pitch Where real entrepreneurs pitch to real investors—for real money. Multiple https://rework.fm/ A podcast by Basecamp about the better way to work and run your business. We bring you stories and unconventional wisdom from Basecamp's co-founders and other business owners. Multiple https://artofproductpodcast.com/ Chronicling the journeys of two entrepreneurs building software companies. Lenny Rachitsky https://www.lennyspodcast.com/ Lenny Rachitsky (author of #1 business newsletter on Substack, with 200k+ subscribers) interviews world-class product leaders and growth experts to uncover concrete, actionable, and tactical advice to help you build, launch, and grow your own product. Marshall Bock, Brian Lovin https://designdetails.fm A weekly conversation about design process and culture. Hosted by Marshall Bock and Brian Lovin. Ryan Hoover, Abadesi Osunsade https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/product-hunt-radio/id862714883 Product Hunt Radio is a a weekly podcast with the people creating and exploring the future. Tune in every week with Ryan Hoover and Abadesi Osunsade as they're joined by founders, investors, journalists, and makers to discuss the latest in tech. Communities Women in Product (using Facebook) Product School (using Slack) The Product Coalition (using Slack) Product Collective (using Slack) Conferences Industry - Over 3 days, attendees will learn from renowned product leaders and share the latest methods, tools, and frameworks that they use to build, launch and scale world-class software products. Building world-class software products is hard. At INDUSTRY you will see how others manage product in different environments, from fast-paced startups to complex large enterprises. ProductCon - Organized by Product School, ProductCon takes place five times a year with events in San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York, Seattle and London. The speaker lineup features product leaders from Google, Slack, Amazon, Airbnb, Netflix, Facebook and more. You’ll learn best practices behind the most successful products, and new trends in AI, VR, IoT and Blockchain. You’ll also have the opportunity to interact with all our sponsor companies interested in recruiting PMs. La Product Conf - Organized by Thiga, La Product Conf (LPC) takes place once a year with events in Paris (France) and Madrid (Spain). The speaker lineup features product leaders from Pinterest, Carrefour, Payfit, Google, Meetic and more. Additional resources Stratechery by Ben Thompson - Product and strategy insights from the industry. Mobbin - Hand-picked collection of mobile app design patterns. Marketing for Engineers - A handy guide on growing marketing skills for folks with engineering backgrounds. License Licensed under the Creative Commons CC0 License. About 🚀 A curated list of awesome resources for product/program managers to learn and grow. Topics awesome product awesome-list product-management pm Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 1.5k stars Watchers 35 watching Forks 135 forks Report repository Releases 73 2025-03-26-20_02 Latest Mar 26, 2025 + 72 releases Contributors 12 Languages CSS 100.0% Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.