GitHub - HollyAdele/awesome-programming-for-kids: A curated list of resources for teaching kids programming. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert HollyAdele / awesome-programming-for-kids Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 91 Star 1.1k A curated list of resources for teaching kids programming. License CC0-1.0 license 1.1k stars 91 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights HollyAdele/awesome-programming-for-kids masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History47 CommitsLICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md contributing.mdcontributing.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Programming for Kids A curated list of awesome resources for teaching kids programming. Contents Pre-Literate Lower Elementary Upper Elementary Pre-Literate Scratch Jr. - An app that teaches young kids how to visually code interactive stories and games. A simplified version of the Scratch website, for a tablet. The Foos - A funny, pre-literate iPad game that teaches concepts for commands, parameters, loops, and conditionals. Code-a-pillar - A walking and singing catapiller toy that can be programmed by connecting a series of segments that give instructions. Lower Elementary Scratch - Scratch is a popular visual programming language for beginners, created by MIT. The Scratch website is a platform for kids to make interactive stories and share them with each other. Hopscotch - Hopscotch is a code block editor like Scratch, but in an iOS app. Can program code to react to tipping and shaking the device. Evo from Ozobot - Evo is a tiny robot that can move, light up, and make sounds. Also it detects what color it is driving on. It can follow commands based on the color of the line it is following. Or, it can be programmed using a code block editor like Scratch. Hold the robot up to a flashing dot on the screen, and the website will load the program onto the robot with light flashes. Lightbot - Solve puzzles with commands, loops, and conditionals. Comes in Lightbot and lightbot Jr, and a mobile app or a desktop website. Code.org - A website with interactive coding games and courses for kids. Covers a large range of ages and skill levels. Code Master - An addictive board game that builds problem solving skills and understanding of programming logic. Starts basic and moves to very advanced. Cargo Bot - iPad app to solve problems with constraints using commands, loops, conditional statements. More difficult puzzles than Lightbot. Python Turtle original (1986-2021) simple 'Python-Turtle' model. Code Monkey - more graphics to learn Python type of code. ( Not-free for advanced levels ) Upper Elementary tinkercad.com - TinkerCAD is a free, 3D CAD modeling software program for children. Users can also manipulate the shapes using code blocks like Scratch. DIY.org - An online community for kids to learn anything. Programming skills listed are App Dev, Backend Dev, Frontend Dev, Game Dev, Graphic Designer, Open Sourcerer, Scratcher, Sys Admin, and Web Designer. Code Combat - Code a hero to compete heroic tasks using Javascript or Python. The hero gets new weapons or skills whenever the user learns a new method. Web Design for Kids - A series of tutorials teaching children the basics of designing and building a website with HTML and CSS. Finch Robot - A small robot designed for computer science education with support for multiple programming languages. Secret Coders - A engaging book series that teaches programming concepts through Logo. Khan Academy - Computer Programming - A series of web-based programming lessons with interactive challenges, by Khan Academy. Teaches topics like animation, game development, and web programming. Users can post questions, which get answered quickly by the community. Bitsbox - A monthly box subscription that teaches kids how to code. CS Unplugged - A collection of free learning activities that teach Computer Science through engaging games and puzzles that use cards, string, crayons and lots of running around. Lauren Ipsum - A book that teaches problem-solving concepts in the context of programming. Sample chapters available online. Lego Mindstorms - A robotics kit by Lego. Ruby Warrior - An online tutorial-game with cool music that teaches Ruby programming. Swift Playgrounds - Apple's fun iPad app for learning Swift. Microsoft MakeCode - A suite of educational tools for kids, including online environments for game development, minecraft modding, hardware hacking, and more. Sphereo - A spherical robot that can be programmed with a block-programming language in a companion app. KODU Game Lab - Kodu lets kids create 3D games on the PC and Xbox via a simple visual programming language. CodeKidz - Learn through AI tutor and gamified content, including python, javascript, c/c++, game development, machine learning, generative ai, and more. About A curated list of resources for teaching kids programming. Topics list awesome ipad awesome-list teach-kids Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Activity Stars 1.1k stars Watchers 47 watching Forks 91 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 8 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.