GitHub - fityanos/awesome-quality-assurance-roadmap: :books: The starting point of your career as a Software Quality Assurance Engineer | Quality Automation Engineer :books: Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert fityanos / awesome-quality-assurance-roadmap Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 339 Star 1.9k 📚 The starting point of your career as a Software Quality Assurance Engineer | Quality Automation Engineer 📚 License CC0-1.0 license 1.9k stars 339 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 7 Pull requests 1 Discussions Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Discussions Actions Projects Security Insights fityanos/awesome-quality-assurance-roadmap masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History55 Commitstranslationstranslations Test_Plan_Sample.pdfTest_Plan_Sample.pdf code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md licenselicense readme.mdreadme.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Quality Assurance Roadmap Contents Introduction Test Plan Sample The Road Map Advices Introduction Testing is an essential phase in any product life cycle; whether if it's a food, cars, or software production line, the outcomes should match what's expected and meet, satisfy the need that we created the product for. Having a solid base of understanding how the software components work and integrate with each other as well as gaining the skills of breaking things is an essential skill-set for any QA engineer. Software testing is the art of investigating the software and finding any unintended behavior that might generate undesired scenarios. Below you can find the path for QA and software testing learning curve which you might need to start the journey. Test Plan Sample One of the most important documents to be generated by the QA team is the test plan, as the team will acting blindly without; not knowing the criteria, the starting point, or even when to perform different testing types can risk the whole delivery and causes bad code delivery. Test plan sections and content can vary based on project and delivery nature, therefore, the attached test plan PDF is considered as a generic one that serves all software testing delivery purposes. Attached PDF can be found here test_plan_sample.pdf for downloading. The Road Map Advices Don't trust a test code that you didn't see it failing. Understand software testing and do not jump into automation; personally, I classify automation as an efficient way to work a redundant task. make sure to properly design your test criteria and later on, you can automate to achieve the previous. Automation is not more than documenting manually written tests and engineering it in a way the code will be readable, understandable, and reusable. Make sure that your testing code is actually testing something. Your testing code shall not require testing. 200~OK is not always okay; Do not rely only on server status while testing, getting 200 status for an unauthorized API call is risking your software security. Contributing See the contributing.md for details on how to contribute. About 📚 The starting point of your career as a Software Quality Assurance Engineer | Quality Automation Engineer 📚 Topics testing qa roadmap awesome career awesome-list api-testing software-testing automation-test e2e-testing quality-engineering Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 1.9k stars Watchers 82 watching Forks 339 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 3 fityanos Anas Fitiani dittrichlucas Lucas Dittrich raffylopez Raf Lopez Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.