GitHub - simskij/awesome-software-architecture: A curated list of resources on software architecture Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert simskij / awesome-software-architecture Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 175 Star 2.5k A curated list of resources on software architecture License CC0-1.0 license 2.5k stars 175 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights simskij/awesome-software-architecture masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History108 Commits.github.github .gitignore.gitignore banner.pngbanner.png code_of_conduct.mdcode_of_conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md license.mdlicense.md package.jsonpackage.json readme.mdreadme.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 license Awesome Software Architecture Software architecture aims to describe the high level structures of software as well as the discipline of creating them. As this topic is pretty broad, it might contain some resources that are also present in more niche lists. If you like this list, consider showing your support by following @0x12b on Twitter. Contents Principles Design Patterns Scalability and Resilience Methodology Documentation Workshop formats Modeling Tools Frameworks Agile Lean software development Extreme programming DevOps Bonus Principles Flexibility - Able to adapt to changes in both environment and usability requirements without encompassing structural changes. SOLID - Lend to developing software with considerations for maintaining and extending as the project grows Design Patterns Ports and adapters pattern - Decouple the application core logic from the services it uses. Observer pattern - One-to-many state change notification. Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software, by Gamma et al - The one that started it all 📙. Software Design Patterns: A Guide - Introduction to common software design patterns. Software Design Patterns and Principes (quick overview) - Reasons about common design patterns as well as their upsides and downsides 🎥. CQRS - Segregate operations that read data from operations that update data by using separate interfaces. Event Sourcing - Instead of storing just the current state of the data in a domain, use an append-only store to record the full series of actions taken on that data. Feature Toggles - Feature Toggles (often also refered to as Feature Flags) are a powerful technique, allowing teams to modify system behavior without changing code. Behavior Driven Development (BDD) and Functional Testing - BDD uses human-readable descriptions of software user requirements as the basis for software tests. N-tier architecture style - Layers are a way to separate responsibilities and manage dependencies. Scalability and Resilience Circuit Breaker - Protecting failing resources to prevent cascading failures. Bulkhead - Partition resources to isolate failures. Leader Election - Coordinate distributed workloads by electing a leader. Methodology No silver bullet, by Brooks - Making a case for growing software in small increments 📙. Clean Architecture, by Martin - Key principles and concepts for building sustainable and maintainable software 📙. Technical Debt, by Fowler - Cost and impact of accumulating technical debt. The Magic Tricks of Testing, by Metz - Minimalistic ideals as a practical and pragmatic approach to software testing 🎥. TDD, Where did it all go wrong?, by Cooper - Suggestion on TDD practices and boundaries to reduce coupling 🎥. Documentation arc42 - Template for documentation and communication of software and system architectures. Architectural Decision Records - Version and document architectural decisions the same way you do with code. Documenting architecture - Pragmatic tips on how to effectively document software architecture. Workshop formats Event Storming - Format for exploring domain driven-design. MoSCoW Prioritization - Fast and dead-simple way of prioritizing requirements. Story mapping - Visualize your requirements by creating story maps. Impact mapping - A strategic planning technique used for building products and delivering projects. Business Model Canvas - Business plans made simple and visual. Business Model Generation, by Osterwalder & Pigneur - Easily visualize your value proposition, costs and revenue streams 📙. Modeling The C4 Model - Describe software using Context, Containers, Components and Code. Wikipedia: Data modeling - Great, short, introduction to data modeling. Tools Sparx Systems Enterprise Architect - Object-oriented modelling suite. Only available natively for Windows. Visual Paradigm - Similar to Enterprise Architect. Available for multiple platforms. Lucidchart - Paid cloud-based diagram editor. Available on all common platforms. Draw.io - Free and simple diagram editor. Comparable to Visio and its likes. Available on all common platforms. Structurizr - Modelling tool based on the C4 Model (see above). PlantUML - Like markdown for diagrams, PlantUML renders an english-like grammer into diagrams. PlantUML for Atlassian - Adds support for PlantUML-based diagrams in the atlassian suite. Sketchboard.io - Collaborative sketchboarding. ERD Lab - Free cloud based entity relationship diagram (ERD) tool made for developers. Frameworks Agile Scrum - Framework for developing and maintaining complex products. SAFe - Scalable agile framework. Nexus - Scalable Scrum according to Ken Schwaber, co-creator of Scrum. The death of Agile, by Allen Holub - How "Agile" has moved away from the basic principles of agility, and what we need to do to fix things 🎥. Agile Architecture Pt. 1, by Allen Holub - How do we work with architecture in a agile world 🎥. Agile Architecture Pt. 2, by Allen Holub - How do we work with architecture in a agile world 🎥. Lean software development Wikipedia: Lean Software Development - Translation of lean manufacturing for the software development domain. Rolling rocks downhill, by Clarke Ching - Business novel about agile and lean software development 📙. The Goal: A Process of Ongoing Improvement, by Goldratt - Business novel about contiuous improvements in a manufacturing setting. Easily adaptable to software development as well 📙. Extreme programming Extreme Programming - The most specific of the popular agile processes, focusing on engineering and development practices. DevOps Wikipedia: DevOps - Combining software development and operations practices to shorten time to market while maintaining high quality. The Phoenix Project, by Gene Kim et al - IT, Devops and helping your Business win 📙. The Unicorn Project, by Gene Kim - Developers, Digital Disruption and Thriving in the Age of Data 📙. Keep CALMS and carry on - How BPDTS use the CALMS model as a reference for their devops adaptations. Chaos Engineering at Netfix - Chaos Engineering is a new discipline within Software Engineering, building confidence in the behavior of distributed systems at scale 🎥. Adidas DevOps Maturity Framework - Based in the C.A.L.M.S. definition of DevOps, the framework defines a set of capabilities and guidelines that when adopted, increases efficiency, effectiveness and happiness of the team. Bonus How to learn software design and architecture - a roadmap - Additional things helpful to learn to get a firm understanding of software architecture. Software Architect Roadmap - A complete and structured guide to become a Software Architect. Contributing Want to contribute into making this list even better? Yay, that's awesome! Before you get started though, please have a look at our code of conduct and contribution guidelines. License To the extent possible under law, simskij has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work. About A curated list of resources on software architecture Topics awesome architecture awesome-list hacktoberfest software-architecture Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 2.5k stars Watchers 62 watching Forks 175 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Sponsor this project Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 6 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.