GitHub - Polycarbohydrate/awesome-tor: An awesome list all about Tor (The Onion Router) Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert Polycarbohydrate / awesome-tor Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 2 Star 44 An awesome list all about Tor (The Onion Router) License CC0-1.0 license 44 stars 2 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights Polycarbohydrate/awesome-tor mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History169 Commits.github/workflows.github/workflows LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md selfhost-snowflake.mdselfhost-snowflake.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 license Awesome Tor is a curated list of resources, tools, and applications related to the Tor network. NoteThis product is produced independently from the Tor® anonymity software and carries no guarantee from The Tor Project about quality, suitability or anything else. Tor is a free overlay network for enabling anonymous communication. Built on free and open-source software and more than seven thousand volunteer-operated relays worldwide, users can have their Internet traffic routed via a random path through the network. Before you read, if you want to host a Snowflake bridge in your browser to help users in censored regions bypass censorship, click here. Thank you. Contents Official Manual Applications Tails Tor / Tor Browser Other applications Bridges Bypass Censorship Public reception, Impact, News, and Legislation State of the Onion Whistleblowing Official Manual About Tor Browser - Learn what Tor Browser can do to protect your privacy and anonymity. Anti-fingerprinting - How Tor Browser mitigates browser fingerprinting. Bridges - Most Pluggable Transports, such as obfs4, rely on the use of "bridge" relays. Circumvention - What to do if the Tor network is blocked. Downloading - How to download Tor Browser. Installation - Installing Tor Browser. Known Issues - Issues with Tor. Make Tor Browser Portable - How to install Tor Browser onto removable media. Managing Identities - Learn how to control personally identifying information in Tor Browser. Mobile Tor - Learn about Tor for mobile devices. Onion Services - Services that are only accessible using Tor. Plugins, add-ons, and JavaScript - How Tor Browser handles add-ons, plugins, and JavaScript. Running Tor Browser - Learn how to use Tor Browser for the first time. Secure Connections - Learn how to protect your data using Tor Browser and HTTPS. Security Settings - Configuring Tor Browser for security and usability. Support - How to get help, report a bug, or give feedback. Troubleshooting - What to do if Tor Browser doesn't work properly. Updating - How to update Tor Browser. Uninstalling - How to remove Tor Browser from your system. Applications Tails A portable, Debian-based OS that runs from the RAM, leaving no trace. Uses Tor Browser as the primary browser. Contribute Documentation Download Homepage How it works News Support Tor / Tor Browser Open-source web browser that enables anonymous communication by directing internet traffic through a free, worldwide, volunteer, overlay network to conceal location and usage from anyone conducting network surveillance or traffic analysis. About Commmunity Donate Download Support News Core Tor / Little-t-tor Installation / Verify source code Forum / Support Other applications ansible-relayor - This is an ansible role for tor relay operators. bine - Go library for accessing and embedding Tor clients and servers. Briar - Peer-to-peer messaging that bypasses centralized servers. Connect via Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, or Tor. Bulk Tor Exit Exporter - Identify Tor exit nodes by showing exit node IPv4 and fingerprint information. Chutney - Configures a Tor network, launches and monitors it, and then runs tests on it. dnscrypt-proxy - A flexible DNS proxy, with support for encrypted DNS protocols. dos-over-tor - Proof of concept denial of service over Tor stress test tool. DocTor - A notification service that monitors newly published descriptor information for issues. eotk - Tool for deploying HTTP/Onion sites to provide official, onion-networking for popular websites. exitmap - Scanner for Tor to detect bad exits (spoiled onions). haskell-tor - A Haskell implementation of the Tor protocol. HTTPS Everywhere - Only allows the browser to connect using HTTPS, built-in Tor. kalitorify - Shell script to create a transparent proxy through Tor for Kali Linux OS. Tor Metrics - Adjustable graphs to visualize the statistics of Tor. multitor - Create multiple Tor instances with load balancing. mini-tor - Smallest application size while accessing internet content and hidden service content. node-Tor - JavaScript open-source implementation of the Tor protocol on the server side and browsers. nyx - CLI interface which includes detailed real-time information about your relay. offensive-tor-toolkit - Bind/Reverse Shells, SOCKS, etc over Tor in Go. onion-grater - Whitelisting filter for dangerous Tor control protocol commands. Onionbalance - A way to load balance onion services across multiple backend Tor instances. Onionoo - A web-based protocol to learn about currently running Tor relays and bridges. OnionScan - Help operators of hidden services find and fix operational security issues with their services. OnionShare - Anonymously share files, host website, and chat using the Tor network. OONI - Test the blocking of websites and apps. Measure the speed and performance of your network. Orbot - Tor on Android. Orfox - Modified Tor browser for Android. Requires Orbot. php-torcontrol - TorControl is a PHP library to control a Tor server. Relay Search - Easy way to search for information about relays. Ricochet Refresh - Ricochet Refresh is a peer-to-peer messenger app that uses Tor to connect clients. rotating-proxy - Rotating Tor proxy with Docker. sbws - A Tor bandwidth scanner that generates bandwidth files to be used by Directory Authorities. Stormy - Stormy is a wizard that helps people create Tor Onion Services with just a few clicks. setup-tor - Set up your GitHub Actions workflow with a specific version of Tor. Stem - Stem is a Python controller library for Tor. Shadow - Shadow is a discrete-event network simulator that runs the real Tor software as a plug-in. Tallow - A program that redirects all outbound traffic from a Windows machine via the Tor anonymity network. tor_box - An all-inclusive Tor configuration for Raspberry Pi, that serves as a relay and personal Tor network. Tor_Onion_Proxy - Provides a .JAR and an .AAR file for embedding Tor into a Java or Android Program. tor_ssh.sh - Command that allows SSH access using Tor to any server. tor-browser-selenium - A Python library to automate Tor Browser with Selenium WebDriver. tor-controller - Run Tor Onion Services on Kubernetes. tor-hidden-service - Docker container made for Onion Services in v2 or v3. tor-relay-bootstrap - Script to bootstrap a Debian server to be a set-and-forget Tor relay. Tor.framework - Tor.framework is the easiest way to embed Tor in your iOS application. tor.rb - This is a Ruby library for interacting with the Tor anonymity network. Tor2web - HTTP proxy software that enables access to Tor Hidden Services through common web browsers. TorBot - Onion site crawler for data collection. TorChat-Mac - macOS native TorChat client. TorChat - Decentralized anonymous instant messenger on top of Tor Hidden Services. TorCheck - Determines if a visitor is using Tor or not. torDDoS - TorDDos is a Python tool to automatize DDoS attacks on a website from the Tor network. toriptabkes2 - An anonymizer that sets up iptables and Tor to route all traffic through the Tor network. torps - The Tor Path Simulator (TorPS) is a tool for efficiently simulating path selection in Tor. Torsocks - Allows you to use most applications safely with Tor. Tortilla - Tool that securely, anonymously, and transparently routes all TCP/IP and DNS traffic through Tor. tun2tor - Rust library that creates a utun (userspace tunnel) interface, and connects it to a stream-based proxy. txtorcon - An implementation of the control-spec for Tor using the Twisted networking library for Python. Vanguards - This addon protects against guard discovery and related traffic analysis attacks. Whonix - OS designed for advanced security and privacy using the desktop-wide use of the Tor network. ZeroNet - Free and uncensorable websites, using Bitcoin cryptography, the BitTorrent network, and Tor support. Bridges BridgeDB - BridgeDB is a collection of backend servers used to distribute Tor Bridges. Conjure - Conjure is an anti-censorship tool in the refraction networking (a.k.a. decoy routing) lineage of circumvention systems. Flash Proxies - Outdated and deprecated bridge type. It is a miniature proxy that runs in a web browser. fteproxy - Outdated and deprecated bridge type. Tor traffic resembles plain HTTP. The name stands for "Format-Transforming Encryption." meek - These pluggable transports make it look like you are browsing a major website instead of using Tor. obsf2 - Outdated and deprecated bridge type. Predecessor of obsf3. obsf3 - Outdated and deprecated bridge type. Predecessor of obsf4. obsf4 - A pluggable transport that makes Tor traffic look random and also prevents censors from finding bridges by Internet scanning. ScrambleSuit - Outdated and deprecated bridge type. A pluggable transport protocol for obfsproxy. It is written in pure Python. Snowflake - Making your internet activity appear as though you're using the internet for a regular video or voice call. Webtunnel - WebTunnel is a censorship-resistant pluggable transport designed to mimic encrypted web traffic (HTTPS) inspired by HTTPT. Bypass Censorship Firefly - A proxy software to help circumvent the Great Firewall. FWlite - An anti-censorship HTTP proxy with built-in shadowsocks support. Google Fi Wireless - Great phone solution that allows calls, text messaging, and use of cellular data that bypasses China's Great Firewall. Lantern - Censorship circumvention tool available for free download on any operating system. MTProxy - Allows users in censored areas to connect to Telegram. NaïveProxy - NaïveProxy uses Chromium's network stack to camouflage traffic with strong censorship resistance and low detectability. nodeunblocker - Host your copy of nodeunblocker.com using Node.js to bypass censorship on the internet. PrivadoVPN - VPN that is based in Switzerland and follows Swiss privacy laws. Bypasses even in China. ProtonVPN - VPN that allows for circumvention of censorship even in China. Free plan bypasses along with multiple servers and protocols. No logs policy. Private Bridges - Go to I need an alternative way of getting bridges! section. Follow the instructions. Runet Censorship Bypass - A browser extension for Chromium and Firefox that helps to bypass censorship in Russia. StegoTorus - A Camouflage Proxy for the Tor Anonymity System. trojan - An unidentifiable mechanism that helps you bypass GFW. Public reception, Impact, News, and Legislation A close look at the Great Firewall of China - Some information about the censorship of Tor within China. Analyzing China's Blocking of Unpublished Tor Bridges - Study on how China blocks unlisted Tor bridges and how to prevent this. Anarcho-Tech NYC Wiki - Wiki that explains how to stay private and anonymous online. Anonymity Bibliography - Selected papers in anonymity from 1977 - 2020. Dropping Docs on Darknet - DEF CON 22 - Adrian Crenshaw- Dropping Docs on Darknets: How People Got Caught. How governments have tried to block Tor - How governments have tried to block Tor by 28c3. How the Great Firewall of China is blocked in China - Paper explaining how Tor is banned in China along with ways to circumvent it. Learning more about the GFW's active probing system - Page about the GFW's censorship system and how it works. My Experience With the Great Firewall of China - Blog on CFW of China by an InfoSec professional during one of their visits. Protocol Misidentification Made Easy with Format-Transforming Encryption - How FTE worked. Russia Passes Bill Banning Tor - Article about Russia banning VPNs and Tor. Scaling Tor hidden services - How to scale hidden services. ScrambleSuit: A Polymorph Network Protocol to Circumvent Censorship - How ScrambleSuit worked. Snowden Revelations - The Snowden Revelations explained. State of the Onion - 2023 - Tor Project's annual virtual event where we share updates from teams and the community, highlighting their work and the impact it has made across the globe during the year. StegoTorus: A Camouflage Proxy for the Tor Anonymity System - A paper on how StegoTorus works. Technical and Legal Overview of Tor - Overview of Tor is presented from the technical perspective and also several legal issues related to its use are analyzed. Tor after the Snowden revelations - About the Snowden revelations and what Tor will do in 2024. Tor Browser Afforded CDA Immunity for Dark Web Transactions - Court document about the death of a minor through purchasing narcotics on Tor. Tor Hidden Services and Deanonyminization - Talk about how Tor and its services can be exploited to expose a user's information as well as how to prevent attacks. Tor Overview - Overview of Tor by Privacyguides. Understanding The Onion Router in 2024 - Explains what Tor is; update for 2024. What is Tor? - Gives a very good explanation for Tor, Onion Services, and how it promotes human rights. State of the Onion 2024 - State of the Onion report for the year 2024. 2023 - State of the Onion report for the year 2023. 2022 - State of the Onion report for the year 2022. 2021 - State of the Onion report for the year 2021. 2020 - State of the Onion report for the year 2020. 2019 - State of the Onion report for the year 2019. Whistleblowing GlobaLeaks - GlobaLeaks is free, open-source software enabling anyone to easily set up and maintain a secure whistleblowing platform. SecureDrop - SecureDrop is an open-source whistleblower submission system that media organizations and NGOs can install to securely accept documents from anonymous sources. WikiLeaks - WikiLeaks specializes in the analysis and publication of large datasets of censored or otherwise restricted official materials involving war, spying, and corruption. About An awesome list all about Tor (The Onion Router) Topics awesome tor awesome-list onion-routing awesome-tor Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 44 stars Watchers 3 watching Forks 2 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.