GitHub - mbiesiad/awesome-translations: 😎 Awesome lists about Internationalization & localization stuff. l10n, g11n, m17n, i18n. Translations! 🌎🌍 Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert mbiesiad / awesome-translations Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 17 Star 160 😎 Awesome lists about Internationalization & localization stuff. l10n, g11n, m17n, i18n. Translations! 🌎🌍 mbiesiad.github.io/awesome-translations/ License CC0-1.0 license 160 stars 17 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights mbiesiad/awesome-translations mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History188 Commitsmediamedia CODE-OF-CONDUCT.mdCODE-OF-CONDUCT.md CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md _config.yml_config.yml View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Translations The transfer of the meaning of a text from one language to another. This list contains tools, books, articles, blogs, courses and everything related to translations (t9n - translation, l10n - localization, g11n - globalization, m17n - multilingualization, i18n - internationalization, synonymous with globalization). Contents Translations Platforms Apps Tools Articles Blogs Online Courses Books Other Translations English Polish Spanish Italian French Platforms Localization and translation platforms Crowdin - Closed source cloud-based localization technology and services company. Inlang - The globalization ecosystem for software companies. LocaleApp - App for localization and translation. Transifex - Proprietary, web-based translation platform, globalization management system (GMS). Weblate - Copylefted libre web-based continuous translation platform. SimpleLocalize - A simple translation management for software projects. Tolgee - Open-source, developer & translator friendly platform enabling users to translate directly in the app they develop. Lokalise - Translation platform for developers. Locize - Proprietary translation platform. Project management Zanata - Web-based translation platform for translators, content creators and developers to manage localisation projects. Traduora - A platform to manage translation workflow in teams. Platform-specific tools GitLocalize - Powerful localization platform that syncs with your GitHub repository and lets you continuously translate its content. Respresso - Collaborative online resource manager for localizations, images, colors, etc. that generates platform-specific files and delivers them directly to your source code. PO file editor - A free tool for translating PO files for localization with Gettext. Apps Automated translation RTranslator - A simultaneous translator app for Android based on NLLB and Whisper that runs locally. Crow Translate - A simple and lightweight translator for Linux and Windows that allows to translate and speak text using Google, Yandex and Bing translate API. Copy Translator - An app for Windows, Mac and Linux that automatically translate and adapt a text when copied in the clipboard. LibreTranslate - 100% Self-Hosted web app to translate text, based on Argos Translate. Translation software OmegaT - Free translation memory / CAT software that works on Windows, macOS and Linux. Argos Translate - Completely open source offline translation app written in Python and based on OpenNMT. It can also be used as a Python library. Fink - Translation editor / CAT software with no-code setup and repository-based operation. Project Fluent - Asymetric translations (eg. gender variations) for localization. Tools Automatic translation for end users Bergamot - Client-side translation in the browser. Alexa Translations - Alexa Translations A.I. brings leading AI and machine translation to the legal, financial and government sectors. Watson Language Translator - A service on the IBM Cloud that enables dynamically translation news, patents, or conversational documents. DeepL Translator - A neural machine translation service launched in August 2017 and owned by Cologne based DeepL SE. Amazon Translate - A neural machine translation service. ModernMT - A self-learning machine translation service that improves from user corrections as user keep using it. Microsoft Translator - A multilingual machine translation cloud service provided by Microsoft. Libraries and tools for developers deep-translator - A flexible free and unlimited (depending on the translator used) library written in Python to translate between different languages in a simple way using multiple translators, it can also be used directly in the prompt. Translator - A translator library based on the translation interface of Google, Yandex, Microsoft (Bing), Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent, NetEase (Youdao), Sogou, Deepl, etc. I18next - Internationalization-framework written in and for JavaScript. react-i18next - Powerful internationalization framework for React / React Native which is based on i18next. MDN i18n - Functions to internationalize your browser extension. You can use these APIs to get localized strings from locale files packaged with your extension. Ruby I18n - Rails internationalization (i18n) API. Quasar I18n - App internationalization (i18n) in Quasar framework. Vue I18n - Internationalization plugin for Vue.js. i18n Ally - Extension for VSCode, all in one about i18n. Translate - A set of software and documentation designed to help make the lives of localizers both more productive and less frustrating. Python-i18n - Python internationalization (i18n) package. Jsproxy for Crowdin - Add-on to Crowdin. Moment.js - Parse, validate, manipulate and display dates and times in JavaScript. WPML - A WordPress plugin that allows running multilingual websites with a single WordPress install. FormatJS - A modular collection of JavaScript libraries for internationalization that are focused on formatting numbers, dates, and strings for displaying to people. Polyglot - A fast, painless, open-source internationalization plugin for Jekyll blogs. ICU - International Components for Unicode - A mature, widely used set of C/C++ and Java libraries providing Unicode and Globalization support for software applications. Django docs - i18n - Part of the Django docs, focused on internationalization and localization. Localizejs - Translations for websites and applications to new languages and streamline translation workflow. ʻŌlelo Honua - Rapidly internationalize your website using LLMs & novel translate->critique->repair approach. ParaglideJS - Synchronous, typesafe and lightweight i18n library. sphinx-intl - A Sphinx utility that make it easy to translate and to apply translations. Machine translation for developers SwiftGoogleTranslate - A framework to use cloud translation API by Google in Swift. attranslate - A tool for semi-automated translations of cross-platform apps or websites. AutoML Translation Documentation - AutoML Translation by Google. Other tools npm i18n - Lightweight simple translation module with dynamic json storage. Pootle - An online translation management tool with a translation interface focused on localization of applications' graphical user interfaces. It is used by LibreOffice. Globalize - A JavaScript library for internationalization and localization that leverage the official Unicode CLDR JSON data. SimpleLocalize CLI - A CLI for finding translation keys in project files. Ninja i18n - A GitHub action for translation linting in pull requests. Articles Introductions to internationalization Stack Overflow Q&A-1 - Localization and internationalization, what's the difference? Stack Overflow Q&A-2 - What is the actual differences between i18n/l10n/g11n and specifically what does each mean for development? W3C - Localization vs. internationalization. Internationalization vs. Localization: The Difference Between l10n and I18n - Blog post about the difference between l10n and I18n from Crowdin. For developers Angular and i18n - Angular i18n guide. Debian manuals - Chapter 8: i18n and l10n. Developer Chrome i18n - Internationalizing your app. Software Globalization, Berkeley.edu - slides - "Software globalization and adding languages on computers and mobile devices" by Craig Cummings (slides). Flutter i18n - Internationalizing Flutter apps. What is 'hreflang'? - What is hreflang attribute and how it can affect your SERP. Globalization and localization in ASP.NET Core - Article about Globalization and localization in ASP.NET Core. Understanding computer-assisted translation Computer-assisted translation - CAT (computer-aided translation) tools are typically understood to mean programs that specifically facilitate the actual translation process. This article describe: translation memory software, language search-engine software, terminology management software, alignment software, interactive machine translation, augmented translation. Machine translation Approaches to Machine Translation - A paper-review on different techniques for machine translation. Neural Machine Translation - A paper-review that trace back the origins of modern NMT architectures to word and sentence embeddings and earlier examples of the encoder-decoder network family. It will conclude with a short survey of more recent trends in the field. Awesome New Languages in Machine Translation - A list of initiatives for supporting MT (mostly with opensource models) for new languages (mostly lower-resourced ones). Blogs Speakt - Well-rounded resource, offering in-depth information from the best professionals in the industry on everything related to translation. Lexico - Provides a collection of dictionaries of English and Spanish, and curiosities about many words and languages (in the "Explore" section). It is produced by Oxford University Press. The Translator's Teacup - Contains good tips for beginner translators. Speaking of Translation - Run by two outstanding experts in the field of translation and localization. You can listen to audio files covering their tips and opinions on the freelance translator's work. eMpTy Pages - Presents extremely detailed descriptions and opinions about localization management, collaborative translation platforms, translation management systems, machine translation, as well as the localization industry's biggest players. Online Courses UWashingtonX's I18n and l10n - A collection of 3 courses of internationalization and internationalization for digital products provided by the University of Washington. Basic English Grammar and punctuation - English grammar course for beginners provided by the University of California. Intermediate English Grammar and punctuation - English grammar course for people with experience provided by the University of California. Advanced English Grammar and punctuation - English grammar course for experts provided by the University of California. Natural Language Processing - Teaches how to use machine learning to understand and manipulate human language. It requires a working knowledge of machine learning, intermediate Python experience including DL frameworks & proficiency in calculus, linear algebra, & statistics. Machine Translation - Explains the basic principles of translation algoritms. It is provided by the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (Germany). Books Statistical Machine Translation - Establishes background in NLP and statistics, then develops the basics through to current research. By the end readers can build their own translation systems. The author is Philipp Koehn. Neural Machine Translation - This introduction to machine translation starts from the basics of neural network methods and reaches the state of the art, while giving historical, linguistic, and applied context. Code examples in Python give a hands-on blueprint for implementation. The author is still Philipp Koehn. Translation: An advanced resource book for students - Introduces the theory and practice of translation from a variety of linguistic and cultural angles. The authors are Basil Hatim and Jeremy Munday. Glocalization Strategy Playbook - A Guide for Localization and Globalization Professionals by the GILT forum. Other Google Crowdsource - Crowdsourcing platform developed by Google intended to improve a host of Google services through the user-facing training of different algorithms (with translation and translation validation section). LocalizationLab - Global community of 7000+ contributors who support the translation and localization of Internet freedom tools. Pontoon - Various Mozilla localization projects. Contributing Warmly welcome! Kindly go through Contribution Guidelines and Code of Conduct first. About 😎 Awesome lists about Internationalization & localization stuff. l10n, g11n, m17n, i18n. Translations! 🌎🌍 mbiesiad.github.io/awesome-translations/ Topics i18n awesome localization l10n locale awesome-list hacktoberfest g11n m17n t9n hacktoberfest2020 Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 160 stars Watchers 7 watching Forks 17 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 15 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.