GitHub - MartinZikmund/awesome-uno-platform: 📖 List of resources for developers building cross-platform .NET apps with Uno Platform. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert MartinZikmund / awesome-uno-platform Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 8 Star 58 📖 List of resources for developers building cross-platform .NET apps with Uno Platform. platform.uno/ License CC0-1.0 license 58 stars 8 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 0 Pull requests 0 Discussions Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Discussions Actions Projects Security Insights MartinZikmund/awesome-uno-platform mainBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History59 Commits.github.github mediamedia .gitattributes.gitattributes LICENSELICENSE code-of-conduct.mdcode-of-conduct.md contributing.mdcontributing.md readme.mdreadme.md View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 license Awesome Uno Platform Uno Platform is an open-source UI Platform for building single-codebase .NET applications for Windows, iOS, Android, WebAssembly, macOS, and Linux. This is a list of awesome resources for users of Uno Platform. If you find the list helpful, please make sure to ⭐ star it! Contents General Repositories Tools Libraries Toolkits MVVM Compatibility Blogs Live apps Open-source apps Live coding Talks Videos Books General Uno Platform website Uno Platform documentation Repositories Uno Platform - Main repository of Uno Platform, including the full API surface of UWP/WinUI, the best place to submit issues and contribute. Uno Themes - Material and Cupertino theme library for Uno Platform apps. In addition, includes advanced controls based on Android/iOS developer guidelines. Uno Toolkit - Multiplatform-first UI component library to speed up application development. Also provides Material and Cupertino styles for the included components. Uno Gallery - Controls and API gallery app. Includes live examples of most built-in controls and features along with easy to use code snippets. Uno Samples - A growing collection of code samples and snippets. Uno Core - Provides a set of reusable utilities and helpers. Used by the main Uno Platform repository. Uno UI Test - Cross-platform UI testing library for Android, iOS and WebAssembly. Tools Uno Platform extension for Visual Studio 2022 - Adds Uno Platform project templates and hot reload functionality to Visual Studio 2022. Uno Platform extension for Visual Studio Code - Adds a range of productivity boosters to Visual Studio Code, including XAML IntelliSense, Hot Reload, and mobile target debugging support. Uno Extensions - A series of NuGet packages for commonly used functions associated with building multi-platform applications using Uno Platform. Uno Platform for Figma Plugin - Figma Plugin to generate responsive XAML from High-fidelity designs. Uno Material Toolkit - Figma File to use with Uno Figma Plugin. Libraries Toolkits Windows Community Toolkit for Uno - Uno Platform fork of Microsoft Community Toolkit. Telerik UI for Uno - Fork of Telerik UI for UWP to support Uno Platform. MVVM MVx.Observable - A (mostly) unopinionated, light-weight alternative to ReactiveUI provided as a library not a framework. Prism - Framewrok for building loosely coupled, modular, maintainable, and testable XAML applications. Microsoft MVVM Toolkit - Modern, fast, and modular MVVM library. Compatibility SignalR - Cross-Platform Real-Time Communication with Uno & SignalR - Integration example for the SignalR framework. Elmish.Uno - Half-Elmish framework for apps written in F#. Blogs Official Uno Platform blog - Lists latest release notes, tutorials, and articles by Uno Platform maintainers as well as external contributors. Jerome Laban's blog - Blog of the CTO of Uno Platform. Martin Zikmund blog - Uno Platform blog posts by Martin Zikmund. Nick's .NET Travels - Uno Platform blog posts by Nick Randolph. IObservable<Opinion> - Uno Platform blog posts by Ian Bebbington. Live apps Uno Playground - App which allows you to experiment with Uno Platform C# and XAML right from the browser. Windows Calculator - WebAssembly port of the Windows 10 Calculator app. NuGet.info - Modernized version of NuGet Package Explorer application. Toolkit Labs - A place where new components for the Windows Community Toolkit are developed. Open-source apps UADO - Azure DevOps backlog viewer. Uno Playground - Uno Playground app with UI samples. Uno Calculator - Port of the Windows 10 Calculator. NuGet Package Explorer - Source code of the Uno Platform version of NuGet Package Explorer. Ch9 - Channel 9 browser app. COduo - Visualizing the environmental impact of current and forecast energy generation in the UK. Designed for use on both single and dual-screen devices. Live coding Jerome Laban's Twitch - Weekly Uno Platform live coding sessions (Tuesdays). Martin Zikmund's Twitch - Mostly Uno Platform-themed live coding sessions. Talks Introduction to open source Uno Platform - Introductory talk by Jérôme Laban about Uno Platform and what it offers. Uno Platform - Your Apps Everywhere - Overview of the Uno Platform ecosystem by Martin Zikmund at NDC Porto 2022. Building Multi-Platform Applications with the Uno Platform - Introduction to creating apps for multiple platforms and form factors, all while reusing your existing XAML and C# skill by Nick Randolph. [RU] Разработка кросс-платформенных приложений с Uno Platform и Elmish-подходом на F# - Introduction to Uno, Blend and Elmish. Videos Uno Platform's YouTube - Official YouTube channel of Uno Platform, includes new release highlights, live sessions, and tutorials. Uno Tech Bites - Uno Platform development learnings in bite-sized lessons. Martin Zikmund's YouTube - Various Uno Platform-related videos and tutorials. Books Getting Started with the Uno Platform and WinUI 3 (2022/09) - Hands-on building of cross-platform desktop, mobile, and web applications that can run anywhere. By Skye Hoefling. Creating Cross-Platform C# Applications with Uno Platform (2021/08) - Build apps with C# and XAML that run on Windows, macOS, iOS, Android, and WebAssembly. By Matt Lacey and Marcel Alexander Wagner. Contributing Your contributions welcome! Please read the contribution guidelines before creating a pull request. About 📖 List of resources for developers building cross-platform .NET apps with Uno Platform. platform.uno/ Topics android macos linux ios awesome uwp webassembly awesome-list hacktoberfest uno-platform winappsdk Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 58 stars Watchers 2 watching Forks 8 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Sponsor this project Sponsor Learn more about GitHub Sponsors Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 7 Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.