GitHub - jetli/awesome-yew: 😎 A curated list of awesome things related to Yew / WebAssembly. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Product GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Discussions Collaborate outside of code Code Search Find more, search less Explore All features Documentation GitHub Skills Blog Solutions By company size Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits By use case DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases By industry Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources Topics AI DevOps Security Software Development View all Explore Learning Pathways Events & Webinars Ebooks & Whitepapers Customer Stories Partners Executive Insights Open Source GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers The ReadME Project GitHub community articles Repositories Topics Trending Collections Enterprise Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform Available add-ons GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation. Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Reseting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert jetli / awesome-yew Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 70 Star 1.5k 😎 A curated list of awesome things related to Yew / WebAssembly. yew.rs/ License CC0-1.0 license 1.5k stars 70 forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 1 Pull requests 0 Actions Projects 0 Security Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security Insights jetli/awesome-yew masterBranchesTagsGo to fileCodeFolders and filesNameNameLast commit messageLast commit dateLatest commit History262 CommitsCODE_OF_CONDUCT.mdCODE_OF_CONDUCT.md CONTRIBUTING.mdCONTRIBUTING.md LICENSELICENSE README.mdREADME.md logo.svglogo.svg View all filesRepository files navigationREADMECode of conductCC0-1.0 licenseAwesome Yew A curated list of awesome things related to Yew. Yew is a modern Rust framework inspired by Elm and React for creating multi-threaded frontend apps with WebAssembly. Contributions welcome! Read the contribution guidelines first. Contents Official Projects Templates Crates Component Libraries Components Hooks Utils Wasm Tooling Articles Books Alternatives Related lists Official Yew - Rust / WebAssembly framework for building client web apps. Live demo - A todomvc demo. Examples - Smaller examples included in official repo. API Docs - Docs on docs.rs. Website - Official website. Chatroom - It is pretty active and is a great place to ask questions. Reddit - Dedicated Sub Reddit. Financial Contribute - Become a financial contributor and help us sustain our community. Playground - Online playground for Yew. Projects Realworld example - Exemplary real world app built with Rust + Yew + WebAssembly. It utilizes Yew's latest function components and hooks. It also supports desktop application powered by Tauri. webapp.rs - A web application completely written in Rust, frontend is built with Yew. Rust-Full-Stack - Easily testable and working Rust codes with blog posts to explain them. Bucket Questions - A webapp written entirely in Rust for a dumb party game. web-view todomvc desktop app - Demo how to use yew for a todomvc that compiles to WebAssembly and is bundled as a lightweight(~2mb) desktop app by web-view, as an alternative to Electron, web-view also has a demo. yew-react-example - This project shows how to create a web app using a React component inside a Yew component. Kirk - Just A Rust WebAssembly Blog. rust-async-wasm-demo - Toy project to learn Rust and async that can be deployed to the web. karaoke-rs - A simple, network enabled karaoke player in Rust. I Love Hue! (rs) - A clone of the mobile game I Love Hue in Yew (Rust). yew-styles-page - This is an initial project of a framework style for yew. caniuse.rs - Rust feature search. Rust electron yew demo - An example of building a Rust based web app (Yew) into a native app using electron. covplot - Live graphs of worldwide CoVID-19 data. Minesweeper - Minesweeper built with Rust, Yew and WebAssembly. Freecell - A patience game written in Rust and Yew. Yew-WebRTC-Chat - A simple WebRTC chat made with Yew. Yew Fullstack Boilerplate - Highly opinionated boilerplate for creating full stack applications with Rust. Chord Quiz - Practice recognizing chords in this Rust/Yew/WebAssembly app. RustMart - Single Page Application (SPA) written using Rust, Wasm and Yew. DevAndDev - A website where developers can find pair-programming partners. Written in Rust, Yew frontend. yew-octicons - An easy interface for using Octicons in Yew projects. Pipe - This is a Rust / Wasm client web app which is a task control center. note-to-yew - Convert your markups into Yew macro online, which is also made by Yew. ASCII-Hangman - Configurable Hangman game for children with ASCII-art rewarding. dotdotyew - Dot-voting using Yew, with Rust powering the backend API. wasm-2048 - 2048 game implemented with Rust and Yew and compiled to Wasm. website-wasm - My personal website written in Rust via Yew/Wasm. KeyPress - A Rust WebAssembly Website example for practising english for chinese. yew-train-ticket - A Rust WebAssembly Webapp example basing Yew newest hooks and functional API, the code style is extremely like React Function Component. yew-d3-example - Showing a d3 chart with Yew. Oxfeed - A feed reader written in Rust with a Yew frontend. Flow.er - A notebook app integrated with todo lists utility. Developed with Rust, WebAssembly, Yew and Trunk. Fullstack-Rust - A Full Stack Rust application (Connect5 game) with Actix-web, Yew, Bulma CSS and Diesel. Sea_battle - A simple example of a sea battle game. Rust + Yew. tide-async-graphql-mongodb - Clean boilerplate for graphql services, with wasm/yew frontend. surfer - A blog built on yew + graphql, with live demo site. Backend for graphql services, and frontend for web application. qubit - A handy calculator, based on Rust and WebAssembly, Live Demo. Paudle - A reimplementation of the excellent word game Wordle by Josh Wardle. Rust algorithms - A website with interactive implementations of various algorithms. Marc Portfolio - A software developer portfolio, Live Demo. zzhack - A personal blog, based on Rust & Yew, Live Demo. Rquote - Rquote is a web application built using Rust and WebAssembly. It fetches Anime quotes from the Animechan API. Live Demo. yew-ssr-tide - The example demonstrates Yew server-side rendering with tide & surf, it needs the development version of Yew. yew-ssr-actix-web - The example demonstrates Yew server-side rendering with actix-web & reqwest, it needs the development version of Yew. PixelGuesser - PixelGuesser is a real life party gam where players try to guess the contents of an image as quickly as possible. Crabtyper - A speedtyping web app written in Rust. We-Come Monorepo - This is a monorepo for wecome KM ITB, Live Demo. blog-rs - A blog system in which frontend and backend are ALL written in Rust. Backend powered by Warp and frontend built on Yew (WASM). mb2 - A poker server with a Yew client. Click the Demo button and then Start to see the client. Puzzle Cube - Rubix Cube solver using Rust and Yew, Live Demo. CubeShuffle - Card game shuffling utility built with Rust, Yew, Bulma and Tauri. Rust Audio - Realtime audio processing / synthesis using Rust/WASM in the browser, Live Demo. Kiomet - An online real-time strategy game in which you expand your territory by capturing towers. Portfolio website - A portfolio SPA with accessibility built-in by Spencer Imbleau. tchatche.rs - A Websocket chat based application built in Yew and Axum. viz.rs - A website for viz web framework, Live Demo. theiskaa.com - A real world implementation of Yew framework. Live at theiskaa.com. live-ask.com - Realtime Event/Meetup Q&A Platform. Live at live-ask.com. Sumi - Multi-user issue tracking and knowledge base app built with Yew & Actix. hurlurl - A randomizing link shortener, Live Demo. Macige - CI workflow generator for mobile app development, Live Demo. Spaceman - Spaceman is a cross-platform gRPC client designed to be pleasant to use and pretty to look at. Crypto-helper - Web app that can hash, encrypt, and sign the data on the client side. Also includes a JWT debugger. Website. zoom-rs - Zoom clone written in rust for research purposes. Ubiquity - An open-source, cross-platform markdown editor; built with Yew, Tauri, Tailwind, and DaisyUI. Web App. demo_web_zip_wasm - A simple example program for creating ZIP archives running in the browser using WebAssembly, Live Demo. RustedLessPass - A stateless password manager. Web App. windows-terminal-theme-generator - Simplify your life to create a windows terminal theme. Live Demo SandCat - The software has primarily implemented the basic functionalities of an IM application, which includes a fundamental friend system, one-on-one chat, group chat, and one-on-one audio/video calls. It also supports i18n and currently offers a switch between Chinese and English. PinePods - PinePods is a Rust based podcast management system that manages podcasts with multi-user support and relies on a central database with clients to connect to it. 0721 - The engine of image hosting written in Rust. Hikari - The Frontend of Everything. simply-view-image-for-python-debugging - Visual studio code extension simply view the image of the image variables when debugging python. Mindsweeper - A principled take on minesweeper, Live Demo. scap-rs - National Vulnerability Database (NVD) implemented by Rust, Live Demo. Sentry Relay - The Sentry Relay is a service that pushes some functionality from the Sentry SDKs as well as the Sentry server into a proxy process. Syre - Scientific data management and insights. candle-wasm-examples - Candle is a minimalist ML framework for Rust with a focus on performance (including GPU support) and ease of use. Try our online demos: whisper, LLaMA2, T5, yolo, Segment Anything. chipbox - chipbox is an open-source desktop DAW written in Rust. Taxy - A reverse proxy server with built-in WebUI, supporting TCP/HTTP/TLS/WebSocket, written in Rust. Proxelar - Rust-based Man in the Middle proxy, an early-stage project aimed at providing visibility into network traffic. diff.rs - Web application to render a diff between Rust crate versions. Implemented in Yew, runs fully in the browser as WebAssembly, Live Demo. konnektoren.help - An interactive web application for learning German grammar, featuring gamified challenges and a map-based interface. Web App layout-viewer - Examine layouts of integrated circuits with zoom and pan controls. Templates Create Yew App - Set up a modern Yew web app by running one command, npx create-yew-app my-app. yew-wasm-pack-template - A template for starting a Yew project to be used with wasm-pack. yew-wasm-pack-minimal - A minimal template for starting a Yew project using wasm-bindgen and wasm-pack. yew-parcel-template - Awesome Yew with Yew-Router and Parcel application. yew-template-for-github-io - Directly deployable Template of yew project for github.io, using tailwind and webpack for css, trunk for build and serve. tailwindcss-yew-template - Simple layout for using Tailwindcss with Yew. axum-yew-setup - A starter project that sets up Axum and Yew for full stack Rust web apps. rust-yew-axum-tauri-desktop - Rust + Yew + Axum + Tauri, full-stack Rust development for Desktop apps. Yew PWA Minimal - A minimal Progressive Web App using Yew. Yew HTTP Starter - Yew template with a simple HTTP message & useful helper comments. Yew minimlistic template - A minimalistic template for quickly starting a project on yew. Crates Component Libraries yew-mdc - Material Design Components for the Yew framework. muicss-yew - MUI-CSS Components for Yew framework. yew-bulma - A Rust library providing components based on the bulma css library for projects using Yew. material-yew - Yew wrapper for Material Web Components. Yewprint - Port of blueprintjs.com to Yew. ybc - A Yew component library based on the Bulma CSS framework. patternfly-yew - Patternfly components for Yew. yew-feather - Feather Icons components for Yew. tailwind-yew-builder - Builds Tailwind CSS for Yew using docker-compose. Also supports Trunk. yew-components - Material Design Components for the Yew framework. yew-chart - A Yew-based charting library that provides SVG based components for rendering charts. tailyew - Yew wrapper around DaisyUI (tailwindcss based) components. yew-duskmoon-ui - Duskmoon UI Component Library. This package use stylist to embbed css in components, so no extra CSS file is needed. Live Demo. yew-bootstrap - A Yew wrapper for the Bootstrap 5 component library. Zu - Yew web components, implementing Material Design. yew-nav-link - A navigational link that is aware of its active state based on the current route in the application. Rust Lucide - Yew port of Lucide, a beautiful & consistent icon toolkit made by the community. Rust Radix - Yew port of Radix, a library of components, icons, colors, and templates for building high-quality, accessible UI. Rust shadcn/ui - Yew port of shadcn/ui, a library of beautifully designed components that you can copy and paste into your apps. Components Yew Form - Components to simplify handling forms with Yew. yew-component-size - A Yew component that emits events when the parent component changes width/height. yew-virtual-scroller - A Yew component for virtual scrolling / scroll windowing. yew-oauth2 - A plain Yew OAuth2/OpenIDConnect component, not tied to any CSS framework. yew-scroll-area - Custom scroll area for Yew. Hooks yew-hooks - Custom Hooks library for Yew, inspired by streamich/react-use and alibaba/hooks. yew-side-effect - Reconcile Side Effects in Yew Applications, inspired by react-side-effect and react-helmet. Bounce - The uncomplicated state management library for Yew, inspired by Redux and Recoil. yewv - A lightning fast state management module for Yew built with performance and simplicity as a first priority. Javascript Library Ports Plotly.rs - Rust bindings for the popular Plotly charting library. ag-grid-rs - Rust bindings for the AG Grid datatable library. popper-rs - Popper JS bindings for Rust. Utils Yewdux - Redux-like state containers for Yew apps. reacty_yew - Generate Yew components from React components via Typescript type definitions. styled-yew - CSS in Rust, similar to styled-components, but for Yew. stylist-rs - A CSS-in-Rust styling solution for WebAssembly Applications. Yew Interop - Load JavaScript and CSS asynchronously in Yew. Tailwind RS - Tailwind style tracer in rust, JIT + AOT interpreter. yew-style-in-rs - Scoped CSS in Rust for Yew. yew_icons - Easily include a variety of svg icons(Feather/Font Awesome/Octicons) into your Yew app. Yew-Template - A crate for separating HTML and Rust code when using Yew. yew-nested-router - A router that supported nesting, with Yew 0.20. turf - Macro based compile-time SCSS transpilation, CSS minification, and class name uniquification toolchain inspired by CSS modules. browser-panic-hook - A panic handler for browser environments, allowing to fail in an end-user friendly way. Rust Floating UI - Floating UI is a library that helps you create "floating" elements such as tooltips, popovers, dropdowns, and more. Wasm wasm-bindgen - Facilitating high-level interactions between WebAssembly modules and JavaScript. stdweb - Provides Rust bindings to the Web APIs and to allow a high degree of interoperability between Rust and JavaScript. tauri-sys - Raw bindings to the Tauri API for projects using wasm-bindgen. Frameworks stackable - A framework experience for Yew. Tooling wasm-pack - Your favorite Rust -> WebAssembly workflow tool. wasm-pack-action - Github action to install wasm-pack by downloading the executable to speed up CI/CD. wasm-bindgen-action - Github action to install wasm-bindgen by downloading the executable to speed up CI/CD. cargo-web - A Cargo subcommand for the client-side Web. Trunk - Build, bundle & ship your Rust Wasm application to the web. trunk-action - Github action to install Trunk by downloading the executable to speed up CI/CD. wabt - The WebAssembly Binary Toolkit, for the wasm-strip and wasm-objdump tools to reduce .wasm file size. binaryen - Compiler infrastructure and toolchain library for WebAssembly, for the wasm-opt tool to reduce .wasm file size. Tauri - Tauri is a framework for building tiny, blazingly fast binaries for all major desktop platforms. Developers can integrate any front-end framework that compiles to HTML, JS and CSS for building their user interface. The backend of the application is a rust-sourced binary with an API that the front-end can interact with. yew-fmt - A configurable extension to rustfmt for formatting Yew HTML. Articles Let's Build a Rust Frontend with Yew How to use Rust Yew How to use a modal in Rust How to use routers in Rust Frontend How to modulize your Rust Frontend How to use NPM packages with Rust Frontend How to use markdown with Rust Frontend Fullstack Rust with Yew How to write Full Stack Rust code How to render a YouTube vlog with Rust Yew fetch API How to render blog posts with Rust Yew mounted API A Web Application completely in Rust Yew - Rust & WebAsse-frontend framework Create a desktop app in Rust using Tauri and Yew A code walkthrough video of Yew with a real-world app with Christopher Hunt and Kiki Carter Adding Tailwind to Yew Courses full-stack-todo-rust-course - Full stack rust course including course for Yew. Books The WebAssembly Book - Working with the web and producing .wasm files. The wasm-bindgen Guide - How to bind Rust and JavaScript APIs. The wasm-pack Guide - How to build and work with rust-generated WebAssembly. Programming WebAssembly with Rust - Includes a chapter Advanced JavaScript Integration with Yew on creating an app with Yew. Creative Projects for Rust Programmers - Chapter 5, Creating a Client-Side WebAssembly App Using Yew. Alternatives Yew team love to share ideas with other projects and believe we can all help each other reach the full potential of this exciting new technology. Draco - A Rust library for building client side web applications with WebAssembly. Percy - A modular toolkit for building isomorphic web apps with Rust + WebAssembly. Sauron - Sauron is an HTML web framework for building web-apps. Seed - A Rust framework for creating web apps. Smithy - A framework for building WebAssembly apps in Rust. Dioxus - Elegant React-like library for building user interfaces for desktop, web, mobile, SSR, liveview, and more. Sycamore - A reactive library for creating web apps in Rust and WebAssembly. Leptos - Build fast web applications with Rust. Related lists Awesome Rust and WebAssembly - A list of awesome Rust and WebAssembly projects, libraries, tools, and resources. Awesome WebAssembly - Collection of awesome things regarding WebAssembly ecosystem. Awesome Rust - A curated list of Rust code and resources. About 😎 A curated list of awesome things related to Yew / WebAssembly. yew.rs/ Topics rust awesome webassembly wasm awesome-list yew yew-framework Resources Readme License CC0-1.0 license Code of conduct Code of conduct Activity Stars 1.5k stars Watchers 26 watching Forks 70 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Packages 0 No packages published Contributors 56 + 42 contributors Footer © 2025 GitHub, Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.